Jean: Some may see Sister Rosaria as one who complains about how bothersome her work is, but she does her job well. Last time I saw her I told her she could come find me should she ever need help, to which she simply replied that doing so would be even more bothersome. I need to work harder to become of more assistance to the people of Mondstadt.
Yanfei: I'll remind you again: The law can be both a help and a hindrance.
Beidou: Time moves quickly. Haha, go, may the wind be at your back.
Qiqi: Good evening. How was your day? My day was fine, I think. But I can't remember.
Noelle: Thank you for the opportunity to accompany you on your adventures, it's taught me a lot and I believe I have improved a lot. As a maid, I should be the one serving you, but it seems you have done more for me than I could ever imagine...
Bennett: Morning! Where's the adventure at today?
Amber: ...I'm feeling uneasy all of a sudden! Was that Kaeya with you earlier? Did he give you any trouble?
Sucrose: Oh, you ahh... noticed. My ears are a hereditary feature... quite different from everyone else's. So, I try to hide them with my hair as much as possible.
Lisa: It must almost be time for a nap...
Oz: Mein Fräulein reads a lot of novels. *sigh* My name, "Oz," is from one of her favorites.
Albedo: Genius? ...A number of people call me that. But I don't think I'm any "genius."
Bennett: Careful! In this kind of wind, it's easy to get hit in the head by flying rocks.
Albedo: Working with Sucrose on alchemy research is quite pleasant, but she has some... stubborn qualities in regards to certain aspects unrelated to research. For example, I have told her numerous times to just call me "Albedo" since we are about the same age, but she insists on addressing me in an excessively formal manner. ...Whatever she prefers, I guess.
Bennett: Time flies! We've been a team for a while now, haven't we? Anyway, I have a dream I wanna tell you about. Once the Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild becomes the biggest branch in Teyvat, I wanna go adventuring all over the whole world! Benny's Adventure Team will be the greatest adventure team there ever was, because you and me are the greatest adventurers! ..."Since when?" Uh... I don't remember exactly when you signed onto Benny's Adventure Team. But whatever, it's just details, right?
Ganyu: She came to me recently to discuss the reopening of the Bishui trade route. She even asked me what Rex Lapis would do if it were him. Admittedly, what we came up with was not quite on par with what he would have chosen. But... seeing the way she kept starting her plan from scratch over and over again, I think I started to understand her a little bit.
Amber: I can handle anything and everything! As long as it isn't cold Wolfhook juice... Ugh, yuck...
Ningguang: One cannot afford to be overly reliant on others — even when it comes to Ganyu. There is a Liyue saying which goes, "Even the most meticulous can fall prey to happenstance." When there are more important affairs to deal with, it is always safer to investigate and resolve it personally.
Diluc: Occasionally I'll work the bar at Angel's Share. The tavern is known for being the center of information in Mondstadt.
Xiao: The rain stopped? Hmph. I don't concern myself with the weather.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Ozvaldo von Hrafnavines. I, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, sovereign of the Immernachtreich, do hereby call upon thee to do all within thy power to deliver the traveler from the claws of fate that would seek to snatch them at every turn, and to ready thy mind lest thou be required to make the ultimate sacrifice in the performance of this noblest of duties.\nOz: ...You'd place my life in danger so easily, mein Fräulein?
Ganyu: Look how brightly lit the city is at night! Amazing. I wonder what it's like for all the people down there... Hmm? Umm... No thanks, I think I'll pass on the night market. Sorry...
Jean: I do hope the Knights of Favonius are all working hard...
Zhongli: Trade relies on both contracts and fairness. There is one thing you must never forget when making and abiding by a contract: if fairness is lost, then the contract shall become proof of one's deception.
Diluc: Huh? Knights of Favonius? ...I have nothing to say about them. We have different views is all.
Xingqiu: When you first spot Xiangling out and about, the first thing you should do is check the look on her face. Especially when she's just coming back from collecting new ingredients — the more excited she looks, the more dangerous it is to approach. Because if she sees you, she'll force you to taste-test her latest concoction... I usually get Chongyun to handle these situations, hehe...
Sucrose: This trip has allowed me to gather a good number of materials. Thank you, I'll be sure to put them to good use.
Amber: It's getting late, should I light a torch?
Zhongli: That rascal from Snezhnaya has yet to depart from Liyue? No matter, just let me know if he gives you any trouble. I shall deal with the matter swiftly.
Hu Tao: Hu as in "Who put me in this coffin?" and Tao as in "I can't geT OUt!" Hehe... No, not funny?
Klee: My mom and dad are the famousest travelers in Teyvat! Mom writes the Teyvat Travel Guide, so all the restaurants and hotels in the whole world care what she thinks about them.
Eula: The role of a scout is to hunt down enemy troops, or fend off the enemy in side skirmishes away from the main battle. There aren't a whole lot of rules, which suits my style very well indeed!
Xiangling: I can't decide whether Pyro slimes taste better with salt and pepper or garlic and herbs?
Noelle: Whenever you need me, I'll be there.
Razor: Bennett... Much talking. Eat with him, never full.
Hu Tao: ♪La~la~la~ Steamed fish with a side of prawn dumplings~
Eula: Go easy on the grains at lunch and fill up on lean meat instead. If you get drowsy in the afternoon, anyone who's looking for an opportunity to take you down will make their move.
Bennett: No-one's joined me on an adventure in ages. C'mon, let's go!
Mona: Mona Megistus, the Astrologist — we came up with that name together, the old lady and me. She said it had a nice ring to it... But then she started calling me 'Meg' for short, which I hate, because obviously 'Mona' is already sufficient for a shorter name — No! You are NOT allowed to call me that, it's embarrassing! Gah! I knew I shouldn't have told you!
Hu Tao: Some plants only grow in gloomier spots with ample moonlight. You ever seen any? Oh, no? Well, I'll have to show you next time.
Kaeya: Oh Lisa. Hmm... You'd better not forget to return your books on time. I made that mistake once and boy was she angry. My arm is still numb from last time...
Beidou: Wind's picking up. If sand gets in your eyes, be sure not to rub them.
Diluc: You have business to attend to?
Qiqi: I started memory training exercises recently. So don't you worry, I won't forget who you are.
Qiqi: In the past, my only thought was: I must stay alive. Even though I didn't know what to live for. But now, I think I know. I want to live with you. I want to ask, can we stay together, for the rest of life, until death? Yes or no? Yes? Is that your real answer? Good, excellent. I promise to always protect you.
Diona: Every time Klee wants to play with me, I take her somewhere far from the tavern. Alcohol and explosives... yeah, that's a dangerous combination! I mean, do I want to destroy the wine industry of Mondstadt? Yes, but not in that sense!
Chongyun: Your skills are impressive. When you finish with a hilichurl— I mean, an evil spirit, it is surely banished from this world for good. How about we team up?
Mona: With rain this heavy, not only are the stars clouded, so too is my scryglass hazy.
Ganyu: Morning! What's wrong, is there something stuck in my hair? ...Oh. Please don't stare at my h—hairpiece.
Amber: If Lisa's not sleeping, she'll be reading! I don't know how she does it, I wouldn't be able to sit still for that long.
Chongyun: *sigh* I didn't actually do anything. I just walked into that haunted house, and the problem was resolved... Do you think I should still take payment for this exorcism?
Lisa: Mona? She seems to be an excellent mage, but I'm not a part of their Hexenzirkel. The idea of Irminsul exploration and formal tea parties just leaves me cold.
Kaedehara Kazuha: I love it when it snows. The world falls completely silent... and I can sleep undisturbed.
Beidou: If you can change something, change it. If you can't, don't waste time thinking about it. That's how I go about things. But really, if you get stuck, come find me. I'll help you deal with it.
Diona: Rain! I hate rain! ...Let's go inside... I—I'm not scared of water, I just... hate it when my clothes get wet.
Hu Tao: Yeah, this is good, thanks!
Kamisato Ayaka: I feel more competent now than ever before. I even have the time outside my work for the Yashiro Commission to try some new things. Would you like to try one of my home-made snacks? I just learned how to make them recently.
Kaedehara Kazuha: I have a very keen sense of hearing. My ears pick up all sorts of sounds: the wind through the mountain passes, the parting clouds, the sound of foxes chewing on apples in the forest, the sound of crabs blowing bubbles... This is nature's favor, it allows me to sense danger long before it draws near.
Diona: Diona, bartender of the Cat's Tail! I charge a hefty fee for private events. Huh? You didn't come here for a drink? Hmm... Then I accept your invitation... I suppose...
Kaedehara Kazuha: Clear weather all around brightens the heart.
Qiqi: I should have stayed indoors today.
Zhongli: We should look for a place to take shelter. I'll be fine, but we don't want you catching a cold.
Albedo: Indeed, I view Klee as my younger sister. Whenever she gets herself into some explosive sort of trouble, I can only console myself with the fact that her current destructiveness is nothing compared to that of Miss Alice.
Diluc: Grand Master Varka... Whilst I understand his disposition, I can make no sense of his actions. ... I—I've said too much already. I've long since left the Knights of Favonius. Forget I said anything.
Zhongli: It's said that Childe and his reputation have yet again stirred up waves among the inner-ranks of the Fatui. Knowing his type, he will be sure to swiftly depose anyone who dares to challenge his actions. Hm... Come to think of it, there will be a lot of interesting news to be heard the next time we gather for drinks. Care to join me when the time comes, Traveler?
Keqing: Everything has a certain way it should taste. I won't touch anything that tries to break the mold, so no salted Almond Tofu for me, and no sweetened Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup either. It's just a total waste of perfectly good ingredients.
Rosaria: A Vision... Could be proof of strength, or a medal for having survived... who knows? There're two sides to every coin. I won't limit my Vision with ceremonies and definitions. It witnesses me, and I witness it, that's all.
Ganyu: All of Rex Lapis' decisions prioritize the welfare of all life in Liyue. That's what I admire about him the most. I want to live up to the same standard... but it seems that the harder I try to follow in his footsteps, the more overwhelmed I get and the more mistakes I make...
Chongyun: She looks like a zombie, but as an exorcist, I feel there's... something different about her. Hmm, her name is also absent from all the praised names I've seen... Where exactly does she fit in among the deities?
Kaeya: Still struggling with how Visions work? Let's see... How can I explain it... The apparatus that allows us to see is our eyes. A Vision is the apparatus by which we control the elements. Simple, is it not?
Ningguang: I presume you mean the girl whom Ganyu has taken under her wing. Do not worry, I have no plans to make this matter public. I am content to extend some leniency to the odd bit of mischievous maneuvering by that boat captain. One thing, though — Yaoyao seems to have become somewhat enamored with seafood lately. You should try to convince her to include some more fruits and vegetables in her diet.
Diona: Hmm. Lizard Tail, Pepper, Starconch, hmm... what else do I need to create the most dreadfully disgusting cocktail?
Kaedehara Kazuha: In truth, not every night out at sea is filled with wind and waves. When the weather is clear, the moonlight flows over the rippling water, and schools of fish circle the ship's hull. At moments like that, when I look out into the distance from the prow, I feel like this journey is worth it... The only thing that takes away from that feeling is the sailors' singing. They're so loud... don't they need to sleep?
Albedo: What food do I dislike? ...Large portions of meat at restaurants. I have a rather small appetite, so a meal like that only ends up in tragedy — either I overeat and the joy of the taste is lost, or I don't finish it and the food is wasted. I decided to simply not go to restaurants, although that has also meant I must spend more time preparing my own food...
Diluc: You should really bring the Knights of Favonius with you next time.
Noelle: At first I wanted to join his expedition party and do my part as a maid. But the Grand Master said no — it would give him more peace of mind if I stayed behind to take care of things in Mondstadt. It made me so happy to hear how much he values me! ...Okay, so apparently he said the same thing to a lot of people. But that doesn't change the fact he prizes me too!
Zhongli: Gold is Liyue's treasure. It is the blood that runs through her heart. As for whether your own heart shines like gold — we will have to wait and see.
Bennett: She's a cute kid... but I have to keep my distance. Whenever she plays with me, her bombs always end up going off... It's not so much me I'm worried about, it would just be awful if something happened to Klee. The Knights of Favonius would never forgive me, that's for sure.
Albedo: You would like to know more about petrified trees? Erm... Actually, the petrified trees you have come across in domains aren't that ancient. Truly ancient trees usually grow to around one or two miles in height. Oh, and there's a kind of large spider that lives around their roots — if you tie one up in cape jasmine and lemongrass and sprinkle on some cardamom, smoke it for a few hours — you get a fragrant taste that's simply... unforgettable.
Xinyan: Her? She speaks her mind and has a big heart, and we get on great. The Crux's adventures are real epic. They've given me tons of inspiration in the past! I even wrote them a song. Nowadays, I just need to sing the first line, and most all the sailors will join in. It's fast becoming a new sea shanty, it is.
Albedo: The time required to sketch portraits closely correlates with one's mood. I could spend half a day sketching Huffman, while I might only need three strokes of the pencil to sketch Kaeya — one for the face, one for the eyepatch string... and one for the eyepatch.
Barbara: Knights look so cool when they swing their sword in combat! Don't you think so? I tried using a sword before but... *sigh* Uh, let's just say I have zero talent with a sword.
Xinyan: You wanna hear me play? Come to the front — it sounds best from there! *clears throat* Alright then, comin' at you from the one and only rock stage in Liyue!
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: The stars of the firmament are naught but rifts, thrust open by Oz's beak into the boundless tapestry of darkness.\nOz: You do say the strangest of things, mein Fräulein.
Bennett: You've, uh, noticed then... Heh. Yeah, Benny's Adventure Team has been me on my own for a long time now. Reason is, I have such bad luck that even the most benign of adventures end up turning into the adventure from hell, and no one wants to come with me... Do you feel the same way?
Xiangling: Ah, there you are! Come with me, I've prepared a birthday feast all for you! ... No really, I insist! Which dish is your favorite? It's okay, take your time, try them all first, then let me know!
Hu Tao: Balance must be maintained, and yet destinies remain variable. Death has its own rules, and yet is still hard to predict. Remember — no matter where, no matter when, no matter what the reason — one should never poke fun at death. Only once you know and respect death can you truly understand the value of life.
Razor: Lupical means wolf home— no, lupical means wolf family. My lupical lives in the woods. They say I am their lupical.
Eula: We've kept in touch ever since. I like how smart she is. She knows the rules, but she also knows how to be flexible and act according to the situation. A few of the Knights would do well to take a leaf out of her book... Also, with her smarts, maybe she could help me track someone down that I've been looking for... She does owe me a favor from last time, after all.
Xiangling: Hey! Ha! Hua! I can slay a beast with one punch, locking in that freshness!
Barbara: Acting Grand Master... Leader of the Knights of Favonius... Everyone seems to like her a lot. Oh? Me? I... Of course I have nothing but admiration for her!
Chongyun: After making numerous inquiries and putting in an enormous amount of effort, I finally tracked down the location of an old haunted temple. So I camped out there for four whole days, ready to exorcise the hell out of that place... And nothing happened. Not even the faintest glimpse of an evil spirit. *sigh* Sadly, this is a regular occurrence for me.
Kaedehara Kazuha: ocked after completing "???"
Rosaria: Work hard and live each day to the fullest. That is what life in Mondstadt is all about, isn't it?
Diona: A cat's nose can smell those people they are familiar with and like... Ahh!? You're mistaken, how could I say something like that... Ohh...
Yanfei: "Do not seek to emulate the past, for there is no law that can suffice for all time"... This is a lesson I must always bear in mind.
Xingqiu: Were it not for my capability, the cause that so inspires me would remain confined to the pages that extol its virtues.
Ningguang: Liuli Pavilion or Xinyue Kiosk. Which would you prefer to go to for lunch?
Xinyan: There was this one fellow who invited me to perform at his place, back when there weren't many who would give my music the time of day. I was touched, let me tell you what. Like, hey, someone gets it! I agreed right away... But when I got there, I found out that he was the consultant at the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. What a weird guy. I mean, how was that appropriate?
Qiqi: Since we first met, I have had a warm feeling inside. Not the kind of warmth that makes me feel rotten and disgusting and closer to death. The other kind of warmth. The one that happens inside my heart. Thank you. I am happy. Sadly I only recognize the current you. If I forget you... No. I will order myself to remember you.
Mona: The golden rule all fortune tellers abide is: never offer advice. Only state the results of the divination. Otherwise, you risk your fate becoming tangled up with that of your subject. But for you, I will make an exception to this rule — because our fates have been intertwined from the beginning.
Bennett: Getting recognized by the gods was the last thing I expected, seeing as how I'm so unlucky all the time. But if the gods haven't given up on me, I guess that means I shouldn't give up on me either.
Venti: As evening breeze really sets the mood for becoming my disciple, don't you think? We can do it right now, you just need to make me a small offering...
Razor: Go to sleep. I watch the moon.
Jean: A successful day starts from the morning. Let's give it our all today.
Beidou: She's got a great personality, that one! The guys in the crew love that rock and roll of hers. Me? We have common ground, just... not when it comes to taste in music.
Eula: My bone whistle makes a versatile range of sounds, which comes in handy for confusing the enemy. I often use it to imitate the sound of the sea, which is where I get my title of "Spindrift Knight" — this despite the fact that the bone whistle is actually a Liyue tradition.... But then again, no-one seems to look too closely into that kind of thing. I'm mean, they took me on, and I'm an exile of Mondstadt trained by an outcast of Liyue...
Noelle: Even though I mostly work for the Knights of Favonius, I'm always looking out for ways I can help more people. These days, though, I seem to be spending more and more of my time with you... It might be a bit selfish of me... What do you think?
Kaeya: I didn't know you were such a slacker.
Qiqi: Remind me, have I met him before?
Bennett: You're headed off? Cool. It was awesome adventuring with you. We should totally do it again!
Venti: Someone once told me you're supposed to eat a cake on your birthday... Tada! Here's your birthday cake — it's apple flavored! And here's a spoon. The cake didn't rise properly in the oven, that's why it looks more akin to an apple pie... Ugh, baking is really quite complicated!
Eula: Visibility is excellent! If we head to higher ground, we can do a full recon of enemy activity in the area.
Beidou: Privately, Ganyu and I get on like a house on fire! But as you know, she's the secretary to the Liyue Qixing... and I'm not exactly in their good books right now! Doesn't bother me, but I wouldn't want to put Ganyu in a difficult position. So just keep what I said between us, yeah?
Zhongli: You speak of the young adeptus of Guili Plains... *sigh* Still fulfilling his duty to this very day. Please give these Remedium Tertiorum to him on my behalf. Oh, yes — be sure not to let Paimon eat them. Nothing of this world can withstand the power of this medicine.
Kaedehara Kazuha: You'd like to know more about me, you say? Well, as you see, I am but a wandering samurai that you could have run into just about anywhere.
Chongyun: On the anniversary of your birth, please accept this gift of a flower, made of ice crystals. I carved it myself. If you ever encounter an evil spirit, cast this toward it — the spell I have cast upon it will immediately come into effect and hopefully get you out alive. Also... Happy birthday.
Chongyun: Whew. What a tiring day. You should get some rest. Don't forget what we agreed — we will investigate that haunted house tomorrow.
Diluc: Listen, as long as you stick to your own path, it doesn't matter what mother nature throws at you.
Ganyu: Even though I'm part qilin, I'm still part human too. Still, all these years I've been asking myself the same question: Do I really belong in the human world? Maybe I'm just like a Dendro Slime hiding in the earth, burying myself in numbers and reports in order to escape reality.
Rosaria: Don't we have a job to do?
Qiqi: I forgot my umbrella again.
Tartaglia: A warrior must always be ready to face any challenge with his blade. The outcome of the battle is irrelevant — what matters is that you learn from the experience.
Xiangling: Diona, from Springvale! Ah, I heard she mixes a great drink, so I came specifically to see her! I thought perhaps I could use her secrets in my cooking, and bring out more flavors. But the tips that she gave me — like soaking lizard tails in beer, or putting bits of smoked fish in dandelion wine — all came out really awful. *sigh* Guess it's up to me to work it out myself, then.
Lisa: Let me show you a thing or two, lest we let your efforts go to waste. *chuckles*
Venti: My greatest wish? It has always been to roam free and experience the whole world. Now I would add that wherever I go, it simply must be with you! Each day with you is an adventure, and where adventurers go, storytellers must follow!
Kamisato Ayaka: Mr. Shikanoin belongs to the Tenryou Commission, just like Miss Kujou. He is very... principled, sometimes even more determinedly so than Miss Kujou. The only thing is, when it comes to the question of which matters should be governed by his principles, I believe only Mr. Shikanoin himself knows the answer...
Ningguang: We should look for a new investment. Mora doesn't grow on trees.
Kamisato Ayaka: Close your eyes and face the wind... It feels wonderful, doesn't it?
Klee: No! It's only nine o'clock, I'm staying up to watch the circus' special midnight performance! You're supposed to be my best friend! Don't even think about trying to send me home!
Xiangling: My heart's desire? To start my very own cooking tradition, of course! Li-style and Yue-style cooking are good, but they have a limited palate. The missing ingredient? Chilli pepper! Come, let me fry up one of Guoba's chilli peppers for you...
Hu Tao: A bright moon aloft amid the vast, clear skies... Moments like these are just perfect for writing poetry.
Keqing: The gentleman from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor? Clearly, he's an extremely learned individual, and I do have a lot of respect for him. But his mindset is too traditional for me — he thinks in the same tired old terms as Rex Lapis did.. If he were more of an original thinker, I'm sure he'd be a great asset to me in reaching my objectives.
Lisa: Amber was just a young girl when she joined the knights, and in the blink of an eye, she's turned into such a strong young lady. I'm curious to see what she'll be like a few years from now.
Sucrose: I take it you're referring to the book series, Flowers for Princess Fischl? Indeed, the world the author came up with is very creative. If only I could go and see it with my own eyes. Oh? you're referring to Fischl herself? I am... doubtful that she could really take me there.
Ningguang: There's no need to use a Vision in affairs that Mora can solve. As far as affairs only a Vision can solve go, I know of only one...
Mona: When I first received my Vision, the elderly woman that gave it to me, she put on this air and said "May your heart of truth be with you." And yet this thing does nothing for my hydromancy, all it does is get me wet.
Venti: Olah! Haha, that's how the Hilichurls say "hello". Why, I learned it to aid with my songwriting, of course! Vast knowledge makes for a richer composition... That said, I haven't actually written any songs in Hilichurlian so far...
Rosaria: Today's your birthday, so if you have any dirty work that needs taking care of, I can give you a hand... Just don't tell anybody, got it?
Chongyun: To permanently banish the forces of evil from the world is my ultimate goal as an exorcist. If that grand day ever comes, I suppose I should be able to consider trying many new things, such as hot springs, Jueyun Chilis, and... partaking in other activities of a more passionate nature. Ugh, what am I doing... Ugh, I shouldn't be dwelling on these things, even thinking about them is too stimulating for me...
Venti: Perfect timing, Traveler! I was about to ask you — what is your greatest wish?
Sucrose: I don't dare talk to Master Jean that much, because she's so strict. I know she's a good person and all — I know that, I do — but... I still find her scary. I don't tend to bother her, and even when I have to... I ask Albedo to go on my behalf.
Zhongli: I enjoy partaking in walks through the city — when time permits. I find it very calming. Yes... Just when did this feeling begin...?
Zhongli: I hope today too shall be prosperous.
Jean: Such fine weather.
Jean: This weather is perfect, we should move out.
Barbara: Everyone has their own desires. To bring together and fulfill those desires and make everyone happy — this is the purpose my Archon has bestowed upon me.
Kamisato Ayaka: As the head of the Kamisato Clan, brother always has a full schedule of places he needs to be. I do try my best to share his load, but there is no changing the pressure he is subjected to all year round, and the toll it takes upon him. *sigh* If you see him, remind him to take care of himself, for his sister's sake...
Razor: I have iron claws and teeth of thunder. I protect you.
Fischl: Hm-hm, may the glory of the Prinzessin bring light to this world.
Bennett: Oh... you wanna know about me? Haha, I'm just your average adventurer. 'Cept I'm more unlucky than average. Anyway, I'm nothing compared to you – you're the star of all those legendary tales. What do I got to show for myself?
Venti: Celestia... I'm not sure even I could fly that far. In any case, the water there tastes foul and the fruit is bland. You know what that means? No cider! Haha, in that case, I wouldn't go there even if I was invited.
Qiqi: I have a poor memory for most things. But as far as I know, that doesn't matter.
Ganyu: Many happy returns! After all the times you've looked out for me, I didn't even remember to get you a gift — whoops! Silly me, I... What's that behind my back? Ah. You saw it then. It's a failed attempt at making a Qingxin Flower cake... I wanted it to be perfect, but... Oh, you think it tastes good? Do you really?
Diona: Morning~ Can you hand me that can of salted loach from the cabinet? Time to destroy the wine industry!
Rosaria: Although I deplore those who play truant on a job, I respect her punctuality when it comes to closing up for the day.
Razor: I like the stars at night. So many stars. In the sky, in the lake. And in the city.
Klee: Lunchtime! What do you wanna eat today? Let me see if the Teyvat Travel Guide has any suggestions...
Razor: I like meat and I like potatoes.
Sucrose: Oh... I know he likes to joke, and isn't trying to make fun of me, but I often struggle to work out which parts are the truth and which parts are jokes. So whenever he talks to me, the outcome is either one of two things: morbid embarrassment or unbearable awkwardness.
Hu Tao: Need a hand, need a hand? I'm here! If you need some assistance, I'm here to give it my all to the very end! Hee-hee...
Chongyun: Ah, this weather is delightful.
Albedo: Going out into the world and investigating, turning the "unknown" into the "known." ...Ahhh, I missed this feeling.
Eula: Would you like to hear a lullaby on the bone whistle? It'll send you into a deep and everlasting sleep... Hmm, no. When it comes to my revenge, far more imaginative means of retribution are in order...
Zhongli: A new contract? Okay. I'm still on leave, but I can accompany you for a while. What name should I use on the contract? I have a great many names, though when on leave... I tend to go by Zhongli. And you, Traveler? What name will you be signing on this contract?
Eula: Knights and aristocrats share the same cultural heritage, but the knights had enough sense to do away with all the superfluous detail.
Xiangling: Perfect timing! Want to get a few cooking supplies?
Qiqi: ...Who?
Qiqi: All of this is because of you. Thank you very much. Can you make me a promise? From now on, please, let me protect you. Do you accept? Yes or no?
Chongyun: There are rumors abound concerning evil spirits in Liyue, but not all have truth to them. In fact, some strange commissions wind up having nothing to do with them at all.
Chongyun: The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is a reputable institution that acts with integrity. But whenever I see that cheeky smile that says, "It's nothing you exorcists need to worry about," it just makes my blood boil... Whoa, deep breaths, Chongyun. Stay calm.
Barbara: I'm doing my best everyday... I hope my efforts earn the trust of the people of Mondstadt.
Razor: Klee, friend! Friend, but... big hassle.
Noelle: Good morning! Breakfast is served. I will be on hand the whole time. Should you find that anything is not to your taste, please, do not hesitate to let me know.
Diona: I—I wasn't waiting for you. I just happened to be resting!
Xiangling: I'm in a dilemma and I don't know how to solve it... It isn't like me to get so worked up over nothing... Ah! Well, here's the thing. I always love getting you to try my latest recipes, but... I'm worried that my food might not agree with your stomach and... I can't bear the thought of that happening. What should I do?
Klee: I remember the first time I ever heard an explosion... I wasn't scared at all. Later on, I found out that apparently, that's not "normal", and most people would've been scared. But hey, you're not scared of my bombs right? Tee-hee, I knew it! That's why you're my bestest friend ever!
Xiao: Dihua Islet was once deserted.Though that was many decades... no, centuries ago...
Amber: I joined the Knights because of my grandpa, I stayed because of Jean. ...And now, you're the one that showed me the world beyond Mondstadt. I couldn't be happier.
Tartaglia: My pet peeves? Hmm, well, to be honest, I'm far too busy journeying with you and slaying powerful enemies to dwell on such trifling matters.
Tartaglia: If it makes me stronger, I'll take it. Vision? Great. Delusion? Don't mind if I do. Heretical teachings from the Abyss? Sign me up.
Venti: What's that? You think I should try harder to be a good Anemo Archon? Well you could be a better devotee too... you could be more pious, more passionate, or... um...
Jean: The rain won't slow me down.
Barbara: Sister Rosaria is hard to get to know, especially given she never joins in on prayers, but... Oh, I'm sure she believes in the Anemo Archon! Although, I still don't really have the courage to try to talk to her...
Rosaria: Good. Getting stronger means finishing jobs quicker.
Mona: This... travel companion of yours — do you know anything of her origins? No matter what, I cannot seem to discern a single shred of information regarding this floating fairy's fate. ...Oh? So you don't know where she comes from, either?
Bennett: I keep meaning to ask Master Jean for some help with the Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild, but I don't know how to go about it. The Guild doesn't have as many rules and regulations as the Knights of Favonius, the dads and I are pretty laid back about everything. Pretty sure that attitude wouldn't fly with Jean though... I guess I should read up on the Knights' etiquette or something?
Zhongli: Happy Birthday. This is a dried glaze lily that came into bloom on the day of your birth. Long ago, the people of Liyue would say that this flower blooms bearing the weight of the beautiful memories and prayers of the land. I believe this to have been applied on the day you were born as well.
Kaeya: Hehe, seems all the other knights already have their hands full.
Noelle: Oh dear, everyone's laundry is still on the line! May I be excused to fetch it in?
Sucrose: I like things that look orderly. See? All my research notes are compiled in the notebooks of the exact same thickness. All my potions are lined up according to effect and hue— Wh—What!? What is this purple potion doing here!? Sorry, I-I need to reassess the order of these potions!
Kamisato Ayaka: Thoma is a dear friend. He always lifts my spirits with his sunny disposition. In a sense, I think of him as another brother, and as a full member of the Kamisato Clan.
Barbara: Being an idol, I learned from Alice that "A true idol should always try to heal the soul of the people..." Yes, I completely agree.
Jean: It's time to move on, we shouldn't stay here.
Sucrose: As his Assistant I learn so much each and every day. What's key is not his existing knowledge, but his talented way of thinking. No matter how complex the task at hand, his way of thinking ensures he gets to the bottom of it, and is able to explain it thoroughly. His methodologies are amazing... to me, its where alchemy meets art.
Fischl and Oz: Oz: I believe I know the answer to this one...\nFischl: Indeed you do, Oz! Ah, that the poor mortal coil, mutilated by bondage unnatural...\nOz: It will never again fly as I do...\nFischl: Deprived of the humble coif with which it was born to gaze in awe at the majesty of its monarch... Surely it is a glimpse of my homeworld's hell, in the flesh. Hmm, the name of the dish escapes me...\nOz: Something something "Madame," isn't it?
Chongyun: I have heard there are many strange and rare things sealed within the amber from Mt. Hulao. Could some of them be the fabled demons of which the ancient legends speak? I would love to investigate.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Farewell, dear gulls, please calm your cries. From this day forth, I am a wanderer once more.
Barbara: A dance from Barbara, to bring you more healing!
Ganyu: It's so nice to de-stress.
Keqing: Ah, the sun is out, our work's done for the day... Shall we take a stroll?
Albedo: Rubedo in alchemy refers to the refining of feeling. I feel the refining of my own emotions is also thanks to you.
Kaeya: Khaenri'ah, huh? You sure know a lot! The legacy of Khaenri'ah is long gone, the sinners are all that's left, and they're not worth mentioning.
Kaedehara Kazuha: The last time she commissioned Captain Beidou to ship fireworks to Liyue, I unloaded the shipment myself. They were so heavy! I doubt that anyone besides her could make such huge fireworks.
Kaeya: We were just traveling partners. I never thought I'd have you to thank for getting me to this point. Seems I really should respond in kind. Let us carry on, partner. The road ahead is still long.
Venti: Here, have an apple. I just picked it. Look how ripe and juicy it is... *munching*... Truly the fruit of the gods.
Hu Tao: *sigh* What a bummer...
Razor: *sniff* I smell rabbit.
Kaedehara Kazuha: The sound of snow as it lands on the ground is so faint as to be practically nonexistent... But now, my senses are sharper than ever, and I believe I should be able to discern it.
Kaeya: Have you ever seen the owl of Dragonspine? If you look directly at it, it seems to look right through you, while letting go of none of its own secrets... Quite fascinating, don't you think?
Xingqiu: In her capacity as the Tianquan, I am obliged to respect her. Otherwise, it could create issues for my father and brother. On a personal level? Let me think... I think I will go with "no comment," I shan't speak ill of others.
Lisa: The interrogation room upstairs has sat there unused for two years now... It would be a much more lively place if Hertha would agree to let me use it as my private workshop... *sigh* She's such a spoilsport.
Beidou: It's hard to remain on dry land for so long. Can never seem to quite get my land legs back.
Barbara: I really want to eat some spicy squid at Good Hunter... but my stomach, er... Never mind...
Zhongli: She is the most impious of the Qixing — but I actually find the conviction of such people quite endearing. The only reason I was able to consider taking a step back from such overarching management of Liyue was because there are people like her. People who speak up when they believe themselves to be right, and then go and do something decisive about it.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Well! If today is truly the anniversary of your birth, it shan't do for me not to mark the occasion. You have my full attention. Speak! Speak to me of your wishes, that which you most desire to fulfill during your fleeting and harsh existence in this wretched world. Whatever that wish may be. Even if, perchance—\nOz:  She means, "Happy Birthday, and if you want, she can—"\nFischl: Silence, Oz.
Yanfei: This steelyard balance was a gift from my father. It weighs objects to determine their value. I usually use Mora for the weight, but it can only give the original price. For example, a thousand years ago, Liyue was covered in Glaze Lilies, and they weren't worth anything in monetary terms. Then, when they suddenly declined in number, the price shot up in response, but the value shown by this steelyard wasn't updated. It still shows them as their original value... in other words, dirt cheap.So, most of the time, this isn't a very useful tool for work purposes... Hmm? You want to try weighing something? How about... We could weigh your little friend here, will that do?
Albedo: Oh, by the way. Did you know that without human manipulation, you would need to harness the power of a sun eight times the size of our own in order to naturally create gold?
Xinyan: I just came up with an awesome new riff, wanna hear it?
Diona: Alchemy genius? Hmm... I wonder if he knows of a way to finally help me make a drink that people don't like?
Albedo: You... want to accompany me while I experiment? I'm honored.Oh, don't be nervous. My experiments may be dangerous, but no-one gets hurt... most of the time.
Zhongli: We can discuss matters that fall outside of our contract too. After all, I have been on this land for a time, and have come to know a thing or two. Of course, I do hope you can do some things for me as well. That would only be fair.
Xiao: Night... When the darkness comes to envelope you. Don't stay outside.
Xiao: Beidou? I have nothing to do with her. Though there is such a thing as the leviathan. As a mere human, she has proven her power in defeating Haishan.
Lisa: What's that? You want to learn some Sumeru Academia magic? I'm afraid it might too much for you to handle right now... Hmm, though I suppose it can't hurt to teach you some of the basics. Here, start by reading the beginner's guide, it's only 800 pages or so.
Eula: How strange... In the time I've spent with you, my strength seems to have improved exceptionally quickly. I suppose I was rather fortunate to make an enemy of you. I'd better dig my teeth in to make sure you can't get away!
Rosaria: Don't overdo it. Let me take care of the dirty work.
Zhongli: I see. Using a Vision harnesses elements. As far as the common folk are concerned, this is no small feat. So... back then.. they were aware of this as they stood beside me...
Xingqiu: I never embark on a journey without a good book to accompany me.
Venti: Off to the land of nod? Haha, Farewell my friend!
Qiqi: Morning means it's time to check my diary. Because my diary reminds me what I'm supposed to do in the morning.
Kaeya: I was entrusted by the Acting Grand Master to work in the background to support Noelle, but there hasn't been much for me to concern myself with — she has a good head on her shoulders. Quite the relief.
Kamisato Ayaka: Thank you very much. It has been richly rewarding to learn from you so far, and I believe my skills with the blade can go even further still.
Amber: Remember that I don't go easy on anyone, even you!
Kaedehara Kazuha: As one travels the world, sorrows and frustrations are bound to journey with you. But I find that I've grown since meeting you, both in martial arts and in strength of character. I am confident that I will be more at ease in life from this point forth.
Eula: "May the gentle breeze softly send thee into a sweet sleep." ...One of a select few aristocratic pleasantries that's actually quite lovely.
Jean: Sometimes I feel that terms like "genius" were originally created for Albedo.
Sucrose: Let me tell you a little secret, something I've never told anyone. The purpose behind my research is to create my own wonderland. Yes... just like the ones in fairy tales. The kind where all your dreams come true and you live happily ever after. Hehe, it's childish, isn't it? But I still believe in fairy tales.
Xinyan: I send children a-crying every time I accidentally lock eyes with them on the road. *sigh* If only there was a way to make me look a little less scary. But I've tried everything, and nothing sticks...
Klee: "Explosion inside city wall, grounded be thy woe," "Explosions can hurt people, Jean can be dreadful," "Mondstadt be bombed, Klee be doomed." Those're the survival rules that the Knights of Favonius gave me.
Jean: Vennessa's title — "Dandelion Knight" — has been passed down from generation to generation. Countless great knights were awarded with this honor and I will not bring shame to this name. Thus, I must keep going. I must become the sword and aegis of the people.
Amber: When I'm teaching you to glide, I feel like I can go even faster than usual... Huh? What are you laughing at? I'll prove it! We can race — right now!
Rosaria: You mean I'm supposed to dip this hash brown in jam? Ugh, this is sacrilege!
Razor: Shining Barbara is a good child. Very good child.
Mona: The pure waters of melted snow are optimal for hydromancy.
Noelle: I am devoted to what I do, but make no mistake — I devote myself freely. A maid, to me, is the most liberating job there is. I'm a chef, a gardener, a warrior, a guide... I can be anything you need me to be!
Diona: Ahh!!! Uhh, um... I'm not shaking, I'm not... Ohhhh...
Diluc: Guess we can rest a bit.
Hu Tao: Lightning! Let's bolt!
Bennett: From now on, I'll distract the monsters and set off the traps while you grab the treasure. Sound good? ...You don't like it? Oh – don't worry about me getting injured! It's what I'm best at... And for you, it would be my pleasure!
Barbara: My dream is to bring a smile to the faces of all the people in my life! As long as I can help you on your journey, I'm happy~
Tartaglia: Comrade, a word of advice: Don't go yelling stupid things in the heat of battle. They might sound good in your head, but if you think about it, they make no sense at all. I'm talking about things like, "I'm on fire!" That's the last thing we want. Fire leaves behind nothing but ashes. And you must survive at all costs.
Jean: I am still not good enough. Ever since I met you, I have been indebted to you for your assistance. My gratitude... Wind, please forgive my selfishness. Not as the Acting Grand Master, but as Jean - I hereby swear that my sword shall always go with you.
Xinyan: He's one interesting guy. He looks introverted enough, but there was this one time when he came to one of my performances. A friend brought him or something, and he had some words for me, but I couldn't hear 'em over the music. Before I knew it, he was right up there on the stage with me, singing and rockin' his heart out. Guess you really can't judge a book by its cover!
Hu Tao: Oh, you sleepy? Get some rest, I'm gonna take a walk by myself...
Zhongli: Osmanthus wine tastes the same as I remember... But where are those who share the memory?
Yanfei: I always hear people saying that the director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor has an unorthodox approach to business. They think she's gone a little non compos mentis after being in the funeral business so long... What are these people talking about? The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor provides a legitimate and necessary service, which is the cornerstone of any successful enterprise. Work is just work — there are no good and bad jobs, or lucky and unlucky jobs, just jobs that need doing.If I had one gripe, it would be that the director rarely comes to me for legal advice, hmph...
Klee: Hey... Um... I know I said I don't wanna go home and all, but now it's nighttime and I can't find my way home in the dark...Can you please take me home on your way back? Pleeeease?
Amber: Oh... Do you have any idea how to make a decent Moon Pie?
Sucrose: I just need a moment to quickly take down some notes.
Beidou: Ningguang is never really one to speak frankly, but she has been very direct with her criticism of me in the past. Haha... But hey, whether she likes me or hates me is her choice, nothing I can do to sway her.
Albedo: Have a question for me? Go ahead, ask. It doesn't take too long to ask a single question, does it? I'm about to begin the final stage of an experiment...
Mona: Diluc Ragnvindr. His constellation, Noctua, represents vigilance in the darkness of night... A lone guardian keeping watch, longing for the splendor of dawn, yet destined to solitude in the dark days preceding its arrival. ...Or, wait, maybe Noctua's the one tied to wealth...?
Xiangling: Oh, Beidou is the greatest! Every time I go out sailing with her, she always manages to fish up lots of fresh ingredients! Octopus tentacles go great in soup, and seaweed fries up great with some chilies. *giggle* Not just Beidou, but everyone on board the Crux loves my cooking.
Keqing: Yesterday's experiences make me stronger today. And most of those experiences are ones that I share with you.
Xiangling: Chongyun? I always see him on his way to eat at Wanmin Restaurant with Xingqiu... Ah... or perhaps I should say I see him being dragged there by Xingqiu? Chongyun doesn't eat hot food. Every time the hot food arrives, Xingqiu politely apologizes and proceeds to try every dish. I just wanna dig in with him! The look on Chongyun's face is priceless. They're quite interesting, those two.
Xingqiu: I've come to an epiphany based on some things I've been reading — ultimately, the arts of both the polearm and the sword are just the art of the "eye." Ugh, it's a little difficult to explain... If you want to know more, come with me to Wangshan Hall. But first, you have to promise me you won't laugh.
Xiao: New power? All it will be used for is death.
Mona: Albedo? Ah... I envy his ability to solely focus on his research without getting bogged down in mundane worldly affairs. What a wonderful life! If that batty old lady hadn't had one too many screws loose, perhaps that's the life I'd be living by now myself...
Sucrose: Th-The sun is already out? Oh, ah, okay! Just one last experiment, and then we can get some rest. Last one, I promise...
Eula: Excellent! The unstoppable power of an immovable glacier dwells within me now and no grand master, acting or otherwise, can stand in my way! There is no time to delay. I must devise my plan, and unleash my attack! Once I have crushed the Knights of Favonius beneath my heel, my next target... is you. Don't try to run. Stand beside me and witness all that must come to pass.
Bennett: Eh, it's not as bad as you've heard! Everyone falls into a trapper's pit or gets hit on the head by a falling tree now and then, right?
Mona: Income? From astrology...? You can't use... things like Mora to determine the value of astrology! You need to understand: hydromancy is the one and only means of discerning people's true destiny in the whole of Teyvat! No matter how much Mora or gems you might have, the value of fate is quite incalculable! Perhaps not the smartest question you might have had for me...
Venti: Haha, once the (hero/heroine) in the song has actually rescued the (princess/prince), I will ensure this song spreads to every corner of the continent!
Noelle: Please get some rest, you must be tired from today's adventure. I should head back to the Knights of F- Sorry? you want me to watch over you until you fall asleep? I-I... I mean, of course, it's no problem. But, um... You're not just teasing me, are you?
Yanfei: My hobbies are reading and appraisal. Reading begets knowledge, appraisal improves judgment. As such, I read everything and appraise anything. If you don't believe me, bring something over sometime. If there's a market for it, my estimate won't be far off. Take this stone for example... must be... 600 Mora.
Mona: Fate is called as such, for it cannot be changed, nor can it be reversed. It can only but be accepted.
Rosaria: She's not only competent in her own work but also somehow manages to clear up various matters for others... Huh. Now that's a woman who deserves admiration.
Hu Tao: Qingxin Slime Condensate... Bleugh... Surely this is Xiangling getting payback...
Xiao: Morax...? What do you know of this name?!He gave me the name Xiao, and released me from the endless pain I endured.I will not forgive those that dare to speak against him, even you.
Hu Tao: I never imagined that I, Hu Tao, could ever be like this. Energy like a rushing torrent, a heart soaring like a gliding eagle! I feel great!
Zhongli: Every journey has its final day. Don't rush.
Kamisato Ayaka: Visions are a seal of approval for those who are most ambitious. As for my own ambitions, they shall remain private for now. It is nothing more than an insignificant dream.
Beidou: I'm Beidou. You've heard of my ship, The Crux, and its crew? If you too love adventure, then join me. I've got your back.
Kamisato Ayaka: What I want to say next is perhaps not befitting of a member of the Inazuma Shogunate, Yashiro Commission, Kamisato Clan, but... unless I am mistaken, I trust that you will not take issue with this slight departure from convention on my part...That is to say... I'm a little tired, may I rest my head on your shoulder? Just for a moment.
Chongyun: I do admire Xingqiu for his devotion to chivalry and his martial arts proficiency. However — I must warn you that he definitely has a mean side, too. If you find that you fall foul of any of his antics, come to me and we'll form a "Victims of Xingqiu" alliance. There is strength in numbers.
Kaeya: What? You think Fischl having one eye covered is very fitting given her title of Prinzessin der Verurteilung. Hahaha, if that's the case, that must make me a future royal progeny too, no?
Keqing: I find myself getting a second opinion from her a lot these days. Lots of things come up that I just have no idea about, and of everyone in Liyue, she's probably the most familiar with Rex Lapis. Heh... I feel a bit awkward, though, because I used to be openly disparaging of Rex Lapis in front of her... But she doesn't seem to mind, so I guess I've got nothing to worry about...
Tartaglia: "A warrior's strength is like a dome. The bigger the dome, the more opponents he can challenge inside it." Hmm, who was it that said this again?
Jean: Grand Master Varka is the legend of his generation. On the day of his triumphant return, I shall be sure to personally introduce you to him. I'm sure you too will be in awe of his greatness.
Ganyu: Thank you for always making time to chat with me. I feel like I must have spoken more after meeting you than I have in the last ten years put together. If I keep going like this... Maybe one day I'll be able to move on to something other than secretarial work. Now that I've got a few hundred years of experience under my belt, I should be able to avoid any more major mistakes.
Xiao: Ganyu is neither mortal nor illuminated beast. Wandering both the mortal and Adepti realms with duty as her sole guide, it was inevitable that she would become perplexed... What? Me? You believe a Yaksha who knows nothing more than how to massacre countless souls and emerge unscathed is a suitable mentor for such an individual? ...Your mind occupies a very different world from that which your body inhabits.
Jean: Training is finished for today. Great work, you've earned a good rest.
Razor: Wind... I like the wind.
Sucrose: What was that? Oh... It's gone. Can I go take a look?
Bennett: I like all kinds of things, but most of all, I like adventures! One day I'm gonna find the most valuable treasure in the whole world, and then my dads can have a better life... and the Mondstadt Adventurer's Guild will be back in business!
Diona: I enjoy hunting. I'm especially good at tracking down prey! But Daddy says that the wild is dangerous. One should only go deep into the forest with a reliable adult. ...You're a reliable adult, right?
Diluc: What? Why do you ask? ...It's an owl, quietly watching its prey from the darkness, waiting for the perfect moment to strike... Flawless.
Klee: Thanks for helping me out every time I get in trouble! I have a thank-you present for you — barbecued fish, made with my own secret recipe! ...Okay, so the secret recipe is exploding the fish out of the water. Tee-hee, they're fully cooked by the time they land! But it's a secret, right, so you don't get to tell anybody. Just pretend like you don't even know.
Mona: The equipment repair bill is due, and so is the final payment for that celestial globe I ordered... Also, I still need to renew my journal subscriptions, not to mention pay the rent... Hmm, which one to prioritize? ...Ah, I'll pay off the celestial globe first, if I leave it any longer they'll sell out and then I'll never get my hands on one...
Chongyun: We often use these materials for thaumaturgy during exorcisms — I never knew they could be used to purify one's own spirit, too.
Razor: You sleep now. I keep watch.
Kamisato Ayaka: "Though I cling to that which has given me the strength to hold on, the weight of letting go is ever-foreboding." My apologies, it should be a happy occasion, and yet it is such a sad phrase that comes to mind. Our time together has been so pleasant that I am fearful of losing what I have gained. I'm sorry, I must compose myself.
Kaeya: Seize the day.
Xinyan: I have dinner at the Wanmin Restaurant often. If Xiangling's got some time on her hands, we'll chat till it's real late. Eh? You wanna know what I order? See... I actually eat everything she makes. It's never the same thing, and the flavor's different each time, too. Ooh, she's the rock star of the culinary world, she is!
Hu Tao: I'm Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's 77th Funeral Director, my grandfather was the 75th. First thing I took over was funeral affairs. Haha, surprising huh? And just like that, it's already been a few years... Time really does go by so quickly.
Tartaglia: Her Royal Highness the Tsaritsa is actually a gentle soul. Too gentle, in fact, and that's why she had to harden herself. Likewise, she declared war against the whole world only because she dreams of peace. And because she made an enemy of the world, I had the chance to become acquainted with you.
Venti: Ah... the white-haired fellow from Wolvendom, yes. Raised by wolves? Really? ...No wonder... that unmistakable body odor...
Qiqi: Sorry, I have no idea.
Hu Tao: Zhongli looks young, but his personality is a bit dusty. Knows everything, but doesn't fret over anything. Hmm... Couldn't be that he's a...Hehe, forget it, whatever.
Sucrose: Good evening. Please wait a moment. Experiment 905 has actually produced two light excretions, which, for clarity's sake, should be labeled No. 1033 and 1035 respectively...Right, now, what did you need me for?
Jean: On behalf of the Knights of Favonius, I would like to extend my gratitude to you for all you have done for Mondstadt. Please remember to rest from time to ti... Did I miss something? What are you laughing at? Did I say something odd?
Xiao: The limit to one's power is self-destruction. Answer me. Why do you persist?
Xingqiu: What say you we snatch a few fireflies and read in the light they give? Hey, I'm joking. Seriously, don't, it's bad for your eyesight.
Keqing: I'm not in the habit of napping at noon, but don't let that stop you if you're feeling tired. I'll give you a wake up call in, say, three minutes' time.
Diluc: Rain... If only it could cleanse the corrupt souls of this world.
Beidou: When stuck on a deserted island, rain is a precious source of drinking water. There's no need for it now though.
Rosaria: What's weird about a Sister without reverence for the gods? There are hunters who don't eat pork, and fisherman who don't eat fish, aren't there? Just because you do something doesn't mean you love to do it. That's how every job goes.
Kamisato Ayaka: Greetings. An auspicious breeze blows this evening. Tonight will be peaceful.
Razor: Diluc is red and black. Hot and cold.
Yanfei: *yawn* I'm a little sleepy... I know, a vigorous debate should wake me up! And I've got just the topic: "The Northland Bank's presence in Liyue does more harm than good for our economy." ...So, are you for or against?
Lisa: *yawns* Good morning, Jean... Oh it's you! Sorry, dear.
Diluc: I've become stronger... Though it is still not enough, I will always face the darkness. For dawn to come, there must be those who dare to pierce the darkness with their light.
Eula: Free from social mores and other people's opinions, and no family obligations... Must be an easy life!
Fischl: I, Fischl, have roamed the galaxy and traversed countless worlds. I have learned the fate of ten thousand universes and have had revealed unto me the destiny of every living soul.
Noelle: I think she's from another world, but I don't know the details. One thing I do know, however, is that she loves the Knights of Favonius' library. She can always be found there with her nose in a book. I bring her some refreshments whenever I go in there to clean, and she always thanks me profusely. When I say profusely, I mean she goes a bit over the top, to be honest, and... I actually don't understand half of what she's saying.
Beidou: Xiangling huh? She sometimes uses some... interesting ingredients in her dishes to bring about some, ah... intriguing flavors. Though... there's no way she can improve without having someone to taste-test — a role that I am more than happy to fill.
Diluc: No need for small talk. All that matters is that you were safe last night.
Klee: Aw yeah, I improved again! But as Jean says, "Continuous self-improvement is one's duty." She says that means I'm allowed to be a bit happy about it, but not the most happy I've ever been in my whole life about it.
Tartaglia: The wind is picking up. There is conflict in the air.
Beidou: My hobbies...? Lemme think... Well, there's adventure, sailing, making friends, drinking, eating... more than I can count on one hand.
Eula: Hmph, the Grand Master... He doesn't like to beat around the bush and has no care for rumors or trivial matters. A good guy, I guess. I sparred with him once, which ended in a tie, but his relaxed expression and leisurely attitude clearly indicated that he had been holding back the whole time... Such indignity! I will not let it go!
Jean: Sucrose is also a rare talent in the field of alchemy. Under Albedo's mentorship, she is sure to flourish. I am sure her future will be bright. The only thing is... Ahem, I was momentarily lost in thought. It is nothing. Nothing bad, anyway.
Diluc: The land of Mondstadt, by the Anemo Archon's grace, is bountiful. I see no need for the harvest forecasts of astrologers.
Qiqi: Sounds like a historical artifact to me.
Lisa: *chuckles* If I were to recover my full power, who knows what kind of things just might happen?
Kaeya: Hmm, seems I'm getting stronger. I say, how is it you seem happier than me about it?
Venti: Traveler, have you ever seen a cecilia? It's a magnificent white wildflower that only grows on the most remote mountains and clifftops. To me, at least, it is the most beautiful flower in all of Teyvat.
Rosaria: Pray. Not for the gods, nor the betterment of others... but for yourself.
Lisa: Hey darling, would you like to try one of my magic potions? There's no knowing what it will do to you until you try it, though... Don't say I didn't warn you!
Jean: You have my complete and full support. Of course, if your path ever deviates from justice, I will not hesitate to point it out.
Klee: I'm really good at fixing things though. I can help! Huh? What do you mean that's child labor? What even is child labor? Does that mean I can't help?
Xiangling: I'll eat absolutely anything! There are no bad ingredients, only bad cooking!
Mona: ...One step closer. Maybe soon I shall finally uncover the truth of this world?
Hu Tao: Beidou is well-known in Liyue. She doesn't know me, but that's cool, me just knowing about her is enough. Aw man... I really do wanna make friends with her.
Zhongli: You and I have a contract, so feel free to discuss anything at all within the scope of said contract.
Ningguang: The Acting Grand Master of Mondstadt, a strict and impeccable woman. Her flawless etiquette knows no fault, even her letters are meticulously written and creased according to the prescribed rules. It is such easily overlooked details that offer a glimpse into the true qualities of one's character.
Ningguang: What is it that you hold so dear that is making you so persistent...? No, don't tell me. Give me more time to understand you myself.
Xinyan: It's really comin' down... Would be all sorts of bad if my guitar got wet.
Tartaglia: Ah, perfect weather for fishing! The sound of the rain scares them away, but once it stops, they're yours for the taking.
Sucrose: I'm Sucrose, a researcher of alchemy. I heard you've been to a lot of places, so I was wondering if you... Ah, what am I saying! It's only our first meeting, I shouldn't trouble you. But... If you're willing, I'd love to hear any stories you have about your adventures. I'd... really like that.
Noelle: I really look up to Amber. Not only is she an accomplished knight, but she's a kind person too. She taught me how to make a Baron Bunny. I keep it on my person for luck, and it looks quite alright, don't you think?
Qiqi: Now, I have more power. But what does that mean? Please explain. Thank you.
Xiangling: You're just in time for a midnight snack, I made some barbecued lizard skewers! Well, don't just stand there — dig in!
Amber: Yeah! As fast as riding the wind!
Amber: Wow~ This weather is awesome!
Beidou: This weather would be great for setting sail.
Beidou: We're making progress. Let's crack open a bottle to celebrate!
Klee: Good morning! Can I come play with you today? Pleeeease? I wanna go on an adventure!
Kaeya: Now that you mention him, it is a shame there is no-one in the Knights of Favonius to inherit the Grand Master's approach to his work. *sigh* I must say I really do appreciate people like him.
Barbara: Tada! *giggles* Barbara is here~ Leave the healing to me, I will not disappoint you!
Sucrose: Jean has put her in solitary confinement so many times, but every time she's let out it's not long before she's back in trouble. *Sigh* Something tells me she hasn't done much introspection. I told her I'd make her a bouncing, dancing Jumpy Dumpty that is also safe - but to date there are still a lot of problems with the design.
Noelle: My favorite is easily a Satisfying Salad. The best of Mondstadt's natural produce on one plate — highly nutritious, and a low calorie count. No, I never get sick of eating it — it's delicious! I've been eating it for ten years now.
Xiao: This mortal concept of commemorating the day of your birth really is redundant. Wait. Have this. It's a butterfly I made from leaves.Okay. Take it. It's an adepti amulet — it staves off evil.
Klee: I like things that are fluffy~! Like Dodoco! And dandelions! And Razor's hair!
Eula: Everyone loves her. What's her secret? Maybe I could learn a thing or two from her... Hmm, or maybe not. I can't imagine a "Shining Idol" would want anything to do with a descendant of a depraved dynasty.
Venti: I have decided to write a song about you! What are you giving me that look for? Can't afford it? Don't be preposterous, the price for you my friend is precisely zero Mora! Although... one thing you could do is tell me a few more of your stories!
Qiqi: My Vision can't turn back time. But at least it gives me the power to protect the people that matter most.
Sucrose: Good morning. Did you sleep well? According to research, not getting a good night's sleep can have detrimental effects on your cognition and stamina. What? I'm always up working through the night? Yeah, I know... Can't be helped I guess...
Eula: Today is a day worth observing, though you shouldn't mark your development in age alone. Accept my gift of a bone whistle, and allow me to teach you its secrets. When your day of reckoning comes, see how long you can fend me off with it... It'll make the whole thing much more exciting.
Xinyan: You wanna know more about me? Well, aren't you just odd? Most people would do just the opposite. Well, where should we start? ...Eh, guess we'll start with rock 'n' roll.
Qiqi: I want to build a snowman. Will you help?
Keqing: After I took on the management of so many of Liyue's affairs, I had a new-found respect for Rex Lapis and all his hard work over the last millennium. Recently, every time I come up against a difficult problem with no obvious solution, I find myself thinking: What would Rex Lapis do? Maybe he really IS an expert in everything, and I've got more left to learn than I realized...
Bennett: I'm the leader of Benny's Adventure Team – a rising star in the Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild! ...Where are the others? Ah, haha, they're all on leave right now.
Lisa: Surely you don't want me working overtime... That would be no good.
Eula: Why do Mist Flowers have to be so rare? The powder they produce works wonders for the bone whistle. It gives it a crisper, clearer sound.
Rosaria: Go ahead, take a break. I'll handle things here.
Diluc: Happy Birthday. This is an important day for you. So tell me, what is it you wish for? If it is within my power to bestow it upon you, I will give it my consideration.
Beidou: Hey, it's just a little lightning. No need to fear it on the open ocean, so there's even less need to fear it on dry land.
Razor: Today is your day. You were born on this day, many moons ago. I want to make you happy today. Can we eat meat together?
Kamisato Ayaka: Your request is quite unusual for me. Since I see you as a friend, it would only be fair to be open and honest with you, but if this means sharing secrets of the Kamisato Clan... I would ask that you keep anything I tell you in strict confidence.
Ganyu: It is something of a luxury, but I love listening to the rain from the courtyard.
Razor: I'm hungry. Let's hunt.
Keqing: Everyone has faith in Dr. Baizhu's medical skills. He's the right guy to go to when you can't figure out what's wrong with you. Oh... the rumors, you say? The only one I know for a fact is true is how disgusting his medicine tastes. It's not just the kids who find it bitter, it's left me with some horrible memories, too!
Noelle: Not a problem, I am here to serve in whatever capacity you require. You needn't be concerned about the way I feel. ...Huh? More tool than maid? I disagree! A tool might help you to complete a million tasks to a satisfactory standard, but it feels nothing. I, on the other hand, feel a strong sense of achievement every time I do something for you.
Xingqiu: Your schedule is free today? Wonderful. I am ready to leave whenever you are. ...My book? Oh, never mind that! I can always pick up where I left off when I get back. But those in distress who need our assistance cannot afford to wait.
Kamisato Ayaka: Her Excellency... What is she trying to communicate?
Mona: Venti? The bard that sits around all day? What's so interesting about him? Sure, I guess I can take a look... Huh, that's weird, the scryglass, it's... I can't see a thing... this wind... I can't... open my eyes! No, my hat! Ah! My clothes, stop! The wind's going to strip all my clothes off! Make it stop, make it stop! ...Alright, alright! I'll never do this again!
Noelle: A maid is required to keep everyone's secrets. That's why my favorite flower is the rose. Here in Mondstadt, the rose represents the saying "As wine bottles are corked, so too are my lips sealed." It reminds me to— What? ...Roses represent love in your hometown? I—I had no idea the rose held such a... passionate meaning.
Mona: You mean the Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius? Her constellation is Leo Minor, which represents strength and responsibility shouldered too young... Though the lioness has been separated from her pride for a long time, she grows from strength to strength, and the day will come when she is ready to return as its glorious leader.
Diluc: I used to believe... if I was to stamp out evil, I would have to walk alone in darkness. However, seeing your perseverance, I know I was wrong. Friend... I owe you my thanks.
Xingqiu: Evidently, my hobby is reading. I'll read anything and everything. ...What's that mischievous grin for? Oh. That's between the two of us, okay? It's not appropriate to discuss it out loud. There's no point in bringing it up anyway.[Note 2]
Chongyun: Never before have I fathomed such lofty heights of martial prowess! For eye and hand, man and blade to act in unity... Truly, I have been enlightened.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Ozzie, my dear familiar...\nOz: "Ozzie?" What's gotten into you...\nFischl: Her Majesty beseeches you to unfurl your blessèd wings, and with them blot out the heavens, plunging the world into eternal night...\nOz: If you didn't bring your parasol with you, that's your own fault, mein Fräulein!
Xingqiu: You ask me why I enjoy reading in solitude? ...Studiousness can hardly be considered a bad habit. There's not much more to it than that. Really.
Kamisato Ayaka: So this is a day in the life of the Traveler... Hehe, I'm learning more about you all the time.
Zhongli: Boats are made for transferring commodities back and forth, and those that come across Liyue tend to stay a while, so it is where many things come to settle.
Venti: Oh, that astrologer? How should I put it? Fortune telling and my singing are the same both lead to you being so poor you can't even cough up the money for a drink! ...You think that astrology is a cultural tradition, so at least still has some value? Hmph, so rude. In that case, so too is singing, so it still has its value too!
Rosaria: Barbara is like a thorn in my side, always nagging me about mass and choir practice. I wouldn't be surprised if Sister Victoria specifically asked her to keep an eye on me.
Barbara: I always take good care of Lisa. If she ever wants to become a star, she'll have my unconditional support, I'll cheer at the top of my lungs until my voice goes hoarse... Hmm, that might scare off her other fans though...
Diluc: Night has fallen.
Yanfei: Civil cases are the ones I dread the most. Divorces, custody disputes... It's a thankless task trying to unpack these kinds of cases with logic and reason. You have to be kind, courteous, and patient with your clients, even though half the time they are completely incapable of participating in a constructive discussion. *sigh* I know I advertise myself as being fully versed in every area of the law, but honestly, if it were up to me, I'd rather everyone could just get along, so we wouldn't have so many of these cases.
Venti: Hmm... Though I've long since viewed this scenery a great many times, there is something different about seeing it again with you. Surely you're not still concealing some other wondrous abilities? Hmm, even if you were, it would simply further prove that my intuition is correct.
Eula: This one's a long story... We ended up saving her life once when we were tracking down a batch of dangerous cargo that belonged to the Abyss Order. The Abyss Order had packed it up like regular cargo and wanted it shipped from Dornman Port to Liyue Harbor. She was acting as a consultant for the merchant vessel, where she discovered something in the cargo — and then began to investigate, putting herself in grave danger. Had we arrived just a few minutes later, it's likely she wouldn't have been so fortunate.
Mona: Noon is upon us, we should eat. Hm? I... I will have a salad, for simplicity is the way of the astrologer.
Keqing: I used to be so naive. I genuinely believed that I was on a par with Rex Lapis... Seems I really overestimated myself. Hmm? Yes... You're right! I have plenty of self-confidence in other areas, so why not in this? ...I can catch up with him — I WILL catch up with him! I just need to keep my chin up, keep trying, and keep learning!
Bennett: Happy birthday! Best of luck in the year ahead. Don't worry, bad luck isn't contagious! As long as I'm around, it'll be drawn to me and not you, so you're safe.
Rosaria: Father? I'm not familiar with the word. You could say that I don't have one — could also say I have many, too. What's it to you?
Diluc: Diona's attitude towards me is... how should I put it? Rather rigid. I've yet to find the opportunity to speak with her properly. I'm not sure if it's an issue with my family line or— Oh? It's not? She simply despises alcohol? Huh... I never thought I'd come across another bartender like myself in Mondstadt.
Hu Tao: We are entrusted by the people to loyally see out their wishes. Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is special, in that it carries a dual responsibility, to those both of this realm, and the next.
Klee: Yeah! This is my new and improved bomb! Whaddya think? Great huh? ...Oh, but ahh... If you find it near any fires, it's not mine. Definitely. Not. Mine.
Tartaglia: Where I'm from, if we didn't keep moving, we'd freeze to death. Literally.
Ningguang: I've come across those who demand Golden Crab for every meal. Though it all seems so grandiose, I really have no desire for such frivolousness. If you're ever thinking of taking me out for such a dinner, you'd be better off just giving the Mora to me directly.
Razor: Oh, Varka is... a name. That man big. Big steelclaw, Razor's name - Varka gave him. Oh... want to see him.
Amber: Jean might still be working? We should invite her for coffee... Let's go.
Kaeya: Cryo is always far more effective in the rain. This is going to get interesting...
Xiao: In the thousands of years that have passed, I have taken countless wraiths. If you want no trouble, stay away from me. See me as a weapon, and nothing more.
Ganyu: Should we really be off work this early? There is still a lot left to do...
Xiangling: Ganyu? Oh... Oh yeah! I remember her — vegetarian, right? She doesn't come to the Wanmin Restaurant very often — but when she does, she sits alone in the corner and eats her meal in total silence. Poor girl, she seems kinda lonely... I always give her an extra-large portion because I feel sorry for her. Funniest thing is, she eats every last bite, every time! I wouldn't have guessed she had such an appetite just by looking at her.
Amber: The skies over Mondstadt seem to have gotten smaller... or is it that my sight reaches further than ever before?
Bennett: I was born unlucky. That's just the way it is, and I've lived with it so long now that I'm just used to it. But you know what? Maybe it's a good thing. It means I know that whatever luck I do have left is gonna run out sooner rather than later... so I'd better make the most of my life while it lasts. You know, go on plenty of adventures, meet loads of people... I mean, if I didn't live like that, I may never have even met you! Can you imagine? Haha!
Diluc: Not bad. Be it chess or combat, you always seem to surprise me. Hmm... working with you is quite the novelty. So... I look forward to continuing to work with you, partner.
Sucrose: To be honest, I was a little afraid when we first met, because you don't talk much... I thought I must have offended you somehow. But then as time went on, I discovered you're really easy to get along with. Hehe, just an unexpected outcome of my observations.
Beidou: To those that don't have a Vision, it must seem that those with Visions are like flagships from the Archons to follow. As such, I make sure to fly my flag with pride. That is my motivation.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: His nature is obscure, his fate a mystery, and his speech a vexing tapestry woven of both fact and fiction... Perhaps he and I share the burden of mystical sight...\nOz: Or perhaps he's secretly an actual pirate?
Xiangling: The rain has stopped! Come with me, let's pick some matsutake.
Kaeya: How about a ghost story to go with the snow?
Kaedehara Kazuha: "On this mountain path, where the red leaves lifeless lie... My heart calls for a companion, echoing the deer's cry..." Hm... I do love maple leaves, but it is a shame that so many goodbyes seem to happen when they turn red.
Xiangling: If you get a stomach ache, a cup of herbal tea with Silk Flowers will clear it up in no time! Huh? Of course you can trust my herbal remedies! We chefs are expected to know a thing or two about medicine as well, you know!
Tartaglia: Just look at that wind blow!
Xiangling: My favorite thing to eat is... whatever exotic ingredient I haven't tried yet! No, I'm not dodging the question, that's my honest answer!
Rosaria: He's like an oil painting you find hanging on the wall in some ancient hall, profound and mysterious... hard to see through. But what can I say, I find people with stories... interesting.
Jean: Today is a day worth celebrating. If you must ask why, well let me remind you that today is when you, the one who is blessed by the wind, came into the world. Since this is your birthday, I'll allow you to take it easy. *Clears throat*... ♪Happy birthday to you...♪ Ahem. Please forgive my presumptuousness, I hope this gift is to your liking.
Noelle: How to get more for your Mora? Last time I went all the way to Liyue, I visited every single shop to compare prices, and then carried everything back myself... I won't be doing that again though. I was on the road for so long that Jean was convinced I'd been gobbled up by Stormterror along the way!
Kamisato Ayaka: The art of blade forging taught by the Shogun varies based on astrology, application, materials used, the furnace conditions, individual personalities, and elemental changes. These differences between smiths is what gave rise to the Raiden Gokaden. Swordsmiths capable of forging renowned blades are seen as spiritual personnel with sacred abilities, and as such they should be managed by the Yashiro Commission, which oversees all cultural, artistic, and ceremonial affairs. So naturally, the swordsmith's betrayal is the fault of ineffectual management by the Kamisato Clan.
Amber: Eula is a great friend of mine! You just need to get used to her sense of humor and you'll get along fine! The only reason she's misunderstood by so many people is her family name. How can I get them to see her for who she really is?
Ganyu: May Rex Lapis watch over you. May your dreams be peaceful and sweet.
Yanfei: I heard that little herb gatherer has written out a whole set of behavioral rules for herself. She may be small, but boy, has she got her head screwed on! She's definitely destined for greatness..."The young of today shall outperform us tomorrow," as they say. I must admit, she has my respect.
Diona: Carrots, potatoes, onions, tomatoes... I don't like the taste of any of those vegetables. ...In fact, I don't eat vegetables at all!
Lisa: Jean is a gifted and dedicated leader. Seeing how hard she works makes even me want to help her out.
Keqing: The way I see it, the law is a summary of things done the right way in the past. However, it should also be continuously adapted and improved to match the needs of the present. Given that Liyue is about to undergo a radical transformation, legal talent is in great demand. With an assistant like Yanfei, I could spare myself a great deal of trouble.
Kaedehara Kazuha: The Kaedehara Clan was once a famed samurai clan. It's a pity that by the time the noble name passed to me, the title itself was all that was left. But it is enough for me. A samurai has no need of a lavish life — we find all that we need in wine, song, and the blade in our hands.
Rosaria: I take no interest in plant life and the sort, but the dandelion is an exception. How such a simple flower could turn into such a delectable wine is beyond me. A glass of dandelion wine after work is even better than sleeping in on Sunday.
Kaeya: Hmm. Not bad.
Xiao: If you awake to a knife at your throat, if monsters dig their claws into you, if death comes knocking at your door, call out my name. Adeptus Xiao. I will be here when you call.
Rosaria: Have you ever tried Beef Bourguignon? Big chunks of meat with the smooth taste of alcohol... Mmm, it's delectable.
Mona: Nightfall has arrived. I will soon be able to begin my divination. Ah... did I finish writing my astrology column last night...?
Xiao: Hu Tao? Her liveliness is irritating. Fortunately, she is also humorous, so you need not worry about her growing into a boring human.
Amber: Jean will be upset if she catches us lazing around like this.
Barbara: Oh? You want to hear me sing...? Sorry, the show is... It hasn't started yet.
Noelle: So I hear you're an Honorary Knight of Favonius? I envy you! I suppose that makes you my senior... Anyway, it's about time someone threw you a welcome party, surely? Leave it to me!
Razor: Avoid the trees. Follow me.
Keqing: Oh, so... Rex Lapis wanted me to have power beyond the average mortal so that I can be a great leader? Huh... I like to think I'd do an admirable job even without his blessing! Yeah, I'll show him... I won't give him any reason to be disappointed with me...
Kaeya: Diluc? He was cute as a young lad. But nowadays he just seems to be in a world of his own... Overall, not much fun to hang out with.
Ningguang: Gales like this can be the demise of fishermen, not to mention... Heh, nevermind.
Venti: Morning! What's in store for today?
Xingqiu: 'Twas on a deserted moonlit night that the hero approached the vile dragon's limpid lair...
Diluc: It's been a long while since I played chess with anyone but my butler. I just so happen to have a moment. Care to play a round?
Fischl: Why must the Prinzessin der Verurteilung punish sin? Because sin defies fate's rightful decree, of course! ...And of course, fate brought you here, so, so... Ahem! It was fate that saw to your descent upon this world, destiny that saw our paths intertwined. I, Fischl, shall always protect you. Because... because fate has revealed to me that this is what has been decreed!
Ningguang: Even if an antique is priceless, the happiness it brings lasts for only the moment you obtain it.
Lisa: Feel free to use the alchemist's upstairs from the library whenever you want. But make sure you knock first, we wouldn't want you seeing anything you're not supposed to, now would we?
Ningguang: Cashing in time and Mora for power... Interesting. This shows their true value.
Mona: One need not scry to know today's weather will be good.
Eula: This weather is a hindrance. The thunder drowns out all other sounds, hampering my perception of the surrounding environment.
Albedo: Lisa? I always am impressed by the valuable perspectives she brings to discussions. But is a person with her talents satisfied with such a basic occupation as librarian? There must be some hidden reason for this.
Xinyan: I've no clue what she's thinking, going around looking all happy-clappy like that when she's the head of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. Always greets me cheerily too, saying "I like people who play with fire, they're good for business" or somethin' like that... She's a bit bizarre, I tell you.
Beidou: I chose you as my crewmate, as my comrade on the sea. It gives me great pride to be able to say that.
Barbara: Everyone is working super hard, we should be too!
Diona: I adore my daddy more than anyone else! He's the greatest! But... Daddy after he drinks, ugh... Argh! I must bring an end to the wine industry of Mondstadt, and soon! No time for chit-chat!
Rosaria: Each of the Sisters is worse than the next. If it's not about prayer, then it's about choir or some other thing I'm supposed to participate in... I'm trying to stay out of sight, so don't you dare tell them you saw me here.
Chongyun: Before the resounding thunder, evil must cower in fear.
Keqing: Yeah, the up-and-coming chef from Wanmin Restaurant... I get that she's gifted and everything, I just think her cooking can be a bit hit-or-miss. I was all ready to hire her for a small banquet once, and give her full control over the menu... but the amount of lizard and slime in her sample dishes quickly turned me off to that idea!
Venti: There's a special drink known far and wide at Cat's Tail. But it ah... ahh... ACHOO! *sniffs* How about you go and fetch one for me? I'll be truly thankful, I promise.
Yanfei: Mr. Zhongli has so much in-depth knowledge on so many topics, he's like a walking library, you know what I mean? He's a total savant, though he never flaunts it. I could tell just by looking at him. People like him rarely shy away from taking on complex problems alone, so in my estimation he's certainly not a potential client.And yet, somehow, I can't help but think I know him from somewhere, it's hard to describe the feeling... I asked my father about it, and he just said something to the effect of he didn't know either, though he seemed a little evasive. It was so strange... Anyway, makes me wonder if my father is hiding something from me. Hmph, alright then — if he won't tell me what's going on, I'll just have to find out for myself...
Lisa: When I practice my spells in weather like this, I can do half the work for double the impact. Haha, I'm just teasing.
Noelle: Th-These treats are for me? Oh no, I couldn't, really. Well... Then I'll make some for you too! I'll go right now, right this instant! Half an hour... Ah, ok maybe an hour, tops. You can busy yourself with other things first, and I'll be sure to deliver them right to you, hot and fresh out of the oven!
Diluc: Her unparalleled sense of responsibility is the sole reason why she still hasn't found her true calling.
Zhongli: It seems my strength is returning. Not a lot, but enough.
Amber: Agreed, getting rest is essential! Let's meet here tomorrow then. See ya!
Klee: Klee was a brave girl today! I found a really weird-looking lizard! Want me to show it to you?
Noelle: I've always been curious as to how she managed to become a fully-fledged knight at such a young age. I actually went to ask her for tips once, but I'd barely started talking to her when she grabbed me by the hand and took me outside the Knights headquarters to play with bombs. I thought it was some kind of training exercise at first, but Jean found us, and we both ended up in a solitary confinement...
Mona: I am Astrologist Mona Megistus, meaning "The Great Astrologist Mona." If it is divination you seek from me, then I ask you respect my name by learning it wholly, here and now.
Diona: Xiangling once gave me a "so-awful-it-goes-with-nothing" food combination she came up with, saying how it tasted absolutely terrible, blah blah blah... It didn't work, no use at all. All my little cat ears heard that night was "One more cup of that good stuff!" *sigh*
Ningguang: Nothing more than regular snowfall. One day I'll take you to see the "snow" that falls over in Liyue.
Kaedehara Kazuha: There are leaves around — and I know just the tune to accompany them, if you wish to hear it.
Kamisato Ayaka: The Yashiro Commission and the shrine maidens are responsible for festival affairs, and Yoimiya, as a fireworks expert, knows how to create an atmosphere. So we have become well acquainted with her over the years. Hmm? Public order and fire prevention? We factor these concerns in well in advance during the planning stage. To deny people the chance to see fireworks simply for these reasons would leave them feeling very disappointed.
Xingqiu: Must-see places in Liyue? That's a tough question. Hmm... The place I would miss the most if it disappeared would be Wanwen Bookhouse, first and foremost. The Guhua Sect would be in the top ten, too.
Bennett: This is your team? Cool... I like the vibe. I'm Bennett, leader of Benny's Adventure Team. Any chance we can team up? Please?
Barbara: The smiles on the faces of the people I've helped keeps me going.
Jean: Master Diluc is my senior, and I have the utmost respect for him. Though we have gone separate ways, I can sense we share the same strong commitment to protecting Mondstadt at all costs.
Albedo: I really do enjoy having dessert. How can I put it...? When both physical and mental capacity are spent, high-energy materials further provide a kind of primordial, highly-effective boost.
Sucrose: The windmills are spinning faster than usual today. Hey, do you think if an animal put a propeller on its back and started running... Do you think the propeller would make it run faster? Or even, fly?
Beidou: You wanna know why I help the common folk? Why not? Everyone has their low points in life. I don't really do anything, other than help steer those who are truly lost towards a brighter future.
Bennett: Let's go find some treasure!
Xinyan: I'm guessin' that I'm the only person in Teyvat who uses the fire from their Vision in rock performances. Some say I should respect that power more... But the way I see it, the gods gave the Vision to me, so they like my style, don'cha think?
Keqing: You know why I like you? It's because you don't believe something just because it was said by a god. You make up your own mind. You ask the questions everyone else is too cowardly to ask, and when you don't get an answer, you keep looking until you find one. Oh, don't worry — your way is definitely the right way. Who says gods don't make mistakes, anyway?
Albedo: Hmm... Besides research, the activity I spend most of my time on is probably sketching. At first I saw it simply as a way to better study the structure of living things and materials so as to aid me in my experiments, but it eventually became a hobby of mine. Indeed, it is a very good way to relax.
Yanfei: You think I come across as quite imposing when I'm reading through case files? Huh. Well, that's only when I'm in work mode. It's like... I have an invisible switch, flick it one way and I'm in normal mode, flick it the other way and I switch to work mode. Surely you must have a switch like that, too?
Mona: Happy Birthday. Here's my gift to you — it's a bag containing some words of advice that may help you through tough patches. ...No, don't open it yet. During the year ahead, this bag will open itself when the right time comes.
Beidou: I like food with robust flavors. Spicy fried meat or spicy tofu are my favorites. Sitting down to a big hearty meal together, where everyone can fill their bellies — now that's when things get lively! Haha, alright, alright, all this talk is making me hungry!
Rosaria: I'm no stranger to spilling blood, but never have I possessed such power before. For such blessings, I give you thanks.
Kamisato Ayaka: A blade is like a tea-leaf. Only those who sample it many times can appreciate its true qualities.
Beidou: You mean the gentleman from Wangsheng Funeral Parlor? My men sometimes speak of the rumors surrounding him — he sounds interesting. Yes, if I get the chance I'd like to meet him someday.
Razor: I like lupical. I like the woods. I like my friend. I like to run!
Xingqiu: I used to like rabbits, but I'm more a fan of stags now. To me, the saying "May my final stand be a monument to chivalry" is about abandoning worldly possessions and reaching enlightenment. But the stag's final resting place represents the hope for life anew. Oh, how I'd love to see it again.[Note 1]
Yanfei: Contracts of that magnitude — lifelong commitments... I've only ever signed one with my father. Uh... it's about living happily, I suppose. That's the kind of person he is. I'm proud of him for that. If he'd wanted me to sign a different contract, say... one about working myself into the ground, or stepping on others to achieve success... I would've ran away by now!
Kamisato Ayaka: I have great affection for the arts: music, song, poetry, shougi, and dancing. And you?
Keqing: In adventuring, as in business, you always have to seize the opportunity while it's there.
Zhongli: Nothing can be accomplished without rules or standards. No matter if it is mortals or adepti, everyone has their place. This rule keeps Liyue in peace.
Ningguang: I've been thinking about something lately. If I were to keep you in Liyue, perhaps... at the right time, I might be able to leverage this city to... For now, it's mere conjecture. I should really consider whether the investment is worth it some more.
Xiao: This is it? Nothing worth getting excited about.
Noelle: Leave it to me! All of it, whatever it is! ...What... exactly is "it"? I didn't quite catch your request...
Kaeya: If you ever need me, let me know. Let's not make this a transaction relationship.
Albedo: Happy birthday. You look especially happy, would you mind if I sketched you? The capacity of our brains is limited, so we are bound to forget things. But when an image is transferred onto paper or canvas, the sketch becomes an extension of our memory. We can remember that past feeling when we later look at the sketch.
Yanfei: The Feiyun Commerce Guild is one of my oldest clients. Their approach to business is meticulous and thorough, and every business meeting I've had with them has always been attended by the head of the house himself. Last time, though, I happened to meet their youngest, Xingqiu. To my complete surprise, the lad had no trouble whatsoever keeping up with my train of thought. He was very eloquent, too, and had excellent manners. Mm, definitely not a simpleton.
Ningguang: Gamblers always place their bets on the next dice roll... But the bankers always have the last laugh, and they never touch a single die.
Xiao: Countless souls have fallen prey to these hands. I too have been swallowed by the darkness — and yet you dare to drive me on. You may think of me as... your companion. You seek to find me salvation?...You... really are a difficult being to comprehend.
Qiqi: Some people want to take advantage of me. Others are terrified of me. But you... You are not like any of those people.
Barbara: I could never get bored of the breathtakingly beautiful nature that surrounds Mondstadt. I've heard that there are blue trees that exist by the sea shore near Inazuma City. I just need to save up a little more, and... What's that? You want to know what I'm saving up for? *chuckles* That's my little secret.
Amber: After the Grand Master left on his expedition, all the affairs of the Knights of Favonius, both big and small, have been left up to Jean. If only there was more I could do to help her...
Venti: The wind has returned! Quick, let's go gliding!
Eula: Diona? She's a miracle worker when it comes to making cocktails, and to my surprise, we get along really well. She infiltrated a tavern with the hopes of tearing down the wine industry, while I infiltrated the knights to exact my revenge on them. A kindred spirit it seems...
Xiangling: I love onions! I've tried cutting them dozens of ways, and they still make me cry... No matter, I still love them!
Chongyun: One's spiritual energies are at their peak at noon. We must take that time to practice.
Sucrose: Bio-alchemy, when compared with creation, places more emphasis on transformation. Finding those little secrets that living creatures have and scaling them up, combining them — the results are always such a surprise. Life really is fascinating. Just how much do we really know?
Tartaglia: Face me in person, man to man, and I'll always have a chance of beating you. Same goes if you're a deity or a monster from the abyss. But the Harbingers? They are more enamored with their intangible methods, spending their days scheming and maneuvering. This is why we cannot get along.
Barbara: Thank you for being with me for all this time, I can feel that I'm getting closer to my dream. Hope we can keep this up in the future~!
Rosaria: I'd say I sleep even better in the afternoon sun. You should try it sometime.
Amber: The view from the Cathedral's clock tower is amazing! You should check it out.
Bennett: I think I get why you teamed up with me now. It's 'cause we're the same, you and I – we both like that adrenaline rush you get from being in dangerous situations. That's what makes adventuring so addictive!
Fischl: My left eye? It is the all-seeing Auge der Verurteilung, which reveals all that is true to in the world. As to the question of why I conceal it... Well, would you willingly bear the agony of piercing to the heart of all truths? Furthermore... the world would lose much of its appeal if wholly stripped of delusion and falsehood.
Yanfei: The Yuheng doesn't deal with matters of the law, and thank goodness... Knowing Keqing's attitude toward work and ruthless efficiency, I'd end up losing a lot of work. Although... No, surely it wouldn't come to that. She's a stickler for doing things the right way — no doubt she'd offend people... but if she had someone like me as her legal assistant... No way! Why should an eminent legal expert such as myself be relegated to the role of assistant!? If she needs legal counsel, she can come and find me.
Lisa: So, which element would you like to learn about today?
Hu Tao: Run around all you like during the day, but you should be careful during the night. When I'm not around, best keep your wits about you.
Bennett: Wolvendom guy! Looks a little on the feral side... doesn't talk much... but he's alright! We both love eating meat, so we got that in common. I sometimes cook some meat for him, and he teaches me how wolves communicate in return. Haha! You should join us next time!
Kamisato Ayaka: The Almighty Shogun? It would be improper of me to comment, given that I am one of her subjects. All I will say is that... I think that Her Excellency must get lonely on the road to eternity.
Amber: Outrider Amber reporting for duty! Just say the word if you ever need my help!
Xingqiu: I've thought of all the illustrations I want for each of the major event in the next three volumes! I should write my thoughts down before I forget them, and send them to Mr. Kreideprinz...
Xiangling: Hey! You're not sneaking off to get a midnight snack without me, are you? ...Bedtime? Oh. Well, good night then!
Jean: Noelle... She's very trying in her pursuit to become a Knight of Favonius. However, I fear she is not quite ready for the dangers that lie beyond Mondstadt's walls.
Tartaglia: You know, there are better ways to seek out our enemies than... well, standing here.
Keqing: It's not difficult, you'll see, just give it a try. What if you try and it doesn't work out? ...No, I don't believe that will happen. You've never let me down before, you don't seem the type.
Venti: It's stopped raining already? A shame, I wanted to play some more.
Ningguang: Concerns? If I told you the concerns of the Liyue Qixing, do you think your shoulders could bear the burden? And if you ever make the mistake of mentioning them to others...
Qiqi: I can never remember Dr. Baizhu's face. But I don't mind.
Diluc: I don't need an umbrella, but you can use one if you need.
Kamisato Ayaka: Come with me, let us find shelter from the rain.
Amber: When you have time, we should go see Lisa! Last time I saw her, she was telling me about a story involving a treasure in the Dragonspine area. But, we got cut off before she could finish. I can't wait to hear the rest of her story!
Amber: I would like to explore the other worlds beyond. I wanna see how deep the rabbit hole goes! You'll keep me company right, right?
Rosaria: ...What a nuisance.
Yanfei: Most of the time, I feel that I have a happy and laid back existence. I have a successful career, clothes on my back, and the freedom to go wherever I please. I've also got quite a way with words — nobody can beat me in a debate. And yet, there is no law or standard that can define a happy life.For me... interesting people and engaging affairs, knowing where to go and which path to choose... these are all enough to bring me happiness. And on that note, you too are a source of happiness for me.In any case, whatever the life you live, the most important thing is to respect and understand the law. After all, as soon as you stray from the law, the world begins to fall to ruin.
Mona: It's already so late, and I'm no further along on finishing tomorrow's astrology column. What? You're off to sleep? *sigh* I wish I could sleep now too...
Xingqiu: "A weaver of verses who draws from an ocean of expression..." That's the reputation I aspire to. But you're the only person I can share that with. I am actually writing a novel... but I can't let you see it. Not yet. The time will come, though... You'll be able to read it when it's on sale in book stores all over Liyue.
Amber: If only the wind was a little stronger...
Kamisato Ayaka: There's a pleasant breeze and glorious sunshine... So, where shall we go for a walk?
Kamisato Ayaka: Oh, good morning, Traveler. ...Whenever I see you in the morning, somehow, it makes me feel like... today is going to be a good day.
Fischl and Oz: Oz: Some people address her by other names. But to me, the one who gave me life and bestowed my powers upon me is Fischl, and none other. All things considered, Fischl is the name that most aptly captures her identity. Seriously, don't call her anything else, or—\nFischl: Oh, how one's royal ears do burn! Pray tell, what is the matter which you discuss so furtively?\nOz: Mid—Midnight Phantasmagoria, mein Fräulein! And... the majesty of Verurteilung name!
Ganyu: Oh good! I was just thinking that the Silk Flowers at the Feiyun Commerce Guild needed watering. The transport co-ordinators will probably moan about the muddy mountain roads again, though...
Kaeya: There are a total of ten captains within the Knights of Favonius. But truth be told, not all of them have what it takes to be leaders.
Sucrose: I heard it was you that dealt with the Stormterror issue. No doubt it was a dangerous fight - it's a good thing you came out unscathed. I was ahh... also wondering - did Stormterror  happen to drop anything during the fight? you know, a scale, some skin - even just a little would be fine. There are some tests I'd like to run.
Mona: My hobby? Stargazing! In this all-too-real world in which we live, we all need to look up from the dust once in a while and fix our gaze on the stars, in a spirit of wonder... that, plus the whole thing about me being an astrologer.
Zhongli: After letting go of my Gnosis I never expected to see a day like this again. Thank you, friend. Ah, yes, I have a new contract here. Care to take a look at it together?
Lisa: Calla Lilies are a medicinal flower with antidotal properties. With them in hand, there's no need to worry about the side effects of any potions... Hehe.
Xiao: Reduced to just standing around. How absurd.
Kaeya: What's wrong? Can't handle the cold?
Zhongli: Despite the multitude of affairs she deals with in a day, Ningguang always continues to press on. A rare gem indeed. I'm reminded of the time that she used to walk barefoot from Yaoguang Shoal to the south wharf, trying to sell her wares as she went. Time is cruel to humans.
Noelle: So once when I was cleaning the library, I noticed a book on the shelf called Flowers for Princess Fischl. At the time I assumed it was just a fantasy novel... I was so surprised to find out the main character is a real person. I could hardly believe it! She must be someone incredible to have a whole book dedicated to her.
Sucrose: She's a really willing helper, I can't deny that. It's just... she makes me a bit anxious is all. One time, she saw three boxes of materials stacked just outside my laboratory door, and proceeded to move them inside for me. A nice gesture, but the thing is... I'd only just finished putting them outside...
Kamisato Ayaka: "Snow that once adorned the world in silver, thaws to reveal the gleam of the fruit upon frost-laden branches." *sigh* How picturesque! Only some tea would make this setting more complete.
Beidou: Alright, I'm off for a drink. Hahaha, no-one willing to sell you a proper drink, huh? Perhaps I can...
Lisa: My past? So, you want to get to know me a little better, huh? *chuckles* That's a story for another day. But I'm touched that you asked.
Keqing: We've been on our fair share of adventures together, haven't we? The more time we spend together, the more I think you're the person of my dreams, and— Huh? Why so shocked? You're a crucial part of my dreams for the new Liyue.
Xinyan: Rock 'n' roll came to Liyue from Fontaine, so I guess you could call it a new thing. But it's not too hot around here. Most think it's an awful racket not fit for human ears. And that's why I appreciate everyone who does come listen, haha!
Fischl and Oz: Oz: Good morning. Mein Fräulein heard you'd be dropping by, so she's preparing breakfast.\nFischl: Oz! ...Ahem. To what do I owe the pleasure?
Klee: Thanks for helping me gather so much stuff for my research! If you ever wanna learn how to make a bomb, I can teach you y'know.
Albedo: Family? Although Alice has always asked me to call her mother.... when I think of the idea of "family", my master comes to mind first. My earliest memories in life are of going on adventures with her. She taught me the art of alchemy and much knowledge about the world. Perhaps... even the words "family" and "master" are incapable of fully expressing her meaning to me.
Klee: Mwauhahaha, lucky all my new bombs are waterproof!
Rosaria: Isn't it obvious? There's more than meets the eye to that rich tycoon. He's confident, yet discreet... and even a little bit dangerous.
Razor: You are strong. Like a wolf. I like to hunt with you. We catch a lot.
Amber: There's something weird-looking about the dandelions in the garden... Hmm, I bet Kaeya had something to do with this!
Albedo: Nigredo is the first step in alchemy, drawing from primordial forms. As beings who live in this world, we must find our own meaning.
Hu Tao: Well are those who rise in the early morn, while those late to bed I shall forewarn~
Albedo: I am Albedo, Chief Alchemist of the Knights of Favonius. You carry the aura of the stars, interesting... I would like to study you, if you do not mind. I'm certain we will have many opportunities to be alone in the future.
Chongyun: That Zhongli from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor seems to be quite an incredible man. Just think, common folk might gang up to commit a murder, we exorcists vanquish demons — but he alone buries the bodies of the adepti.
Rosaria: Let's forgo the formalities. I'm here to finish a job. Just leave the dirty work to me.
Ningguang: It's raining. Fetch an umbrella for me, would you?
Amber: Hey, Happy Birthday! Here, I have a gift for you: an exclusive, custom-made version of Baron Bunny that I sewed for you myself... Don't worry, "custom-made" means that it won't explode!
Rosaria: We should keep moving, but watch your step in the snow.
Klee: Amber is the best! Baron Bunny is so fluffy and he even explodes! So. Cool.
Keqing: In addition to my work with the Liyue Qixing, I do a lot of work for the public, too. Mostly the feedback is positive, but whenever I propose something like adding an extra hour to the workday, I come up against very strong resistance... I'm too forward-thinking, I suppose. Maybe I should start with a half hour instead?
Venti: Have you seen that gentleman around? Huh? He's just a normal man by the name of Zhongli now? That must be quite the change for that old block-head. Come with me to see him, will you? I have a vintage I dug up from Windrise that I can take as a condolence gift. Oh, ahh... did he still seem strong when you saw him? How strong? Am I likely to get blown away?
Tartaglia: There's plenty of delicious food to sink your teeth into in this world... and plenty of fights to sink your teeth into as well. Life is beautiful.
Tartaglia: The world looks glorious in the snow. Pure white, like the light of the moon. A perfect backdrop for bloodshed.
Razor: Teeth. Claws. Legs. All bigger. All stronger! To protect you.
Lisa: It's nearly time for afternoon tea.
Kaedehara Kazuha: As I see it, a Vision is the proof of one's strength, not the source of it. It symbolizes the mortal desire to always keep moving forward, but in this endeavor, we samurai place our faith in our blades alone.
Sucrose: I'm curious to why her doll is called "Baron Bunny," it clearly has nothing to do with a rabbit at all. Oh, the headband makes it look like it has rabbit ears you say? Hmm... that's heavily reliant on the rabbit stereotype, is it not? Many rabbits' ears are floppy.
Bennett: I feel stronger in every sense! Just as unlucky as ever, though. Hahaha.
Hu Tao: Have you seen Qiqi? Tell me where she is, quickly. I need to go seal her away, hee-hee!
Xingqiu: When Yunjin drinks a beverage she is fond of, she will be inspired to write a new play. So, I keep a jar of tea leaves under my bed at all times, ready to deliver to her on the day that her inspiration dries up. This way, I shall never run out of heroic tales to listen to!
Mona: Salad. Salad is by far the best food in the world. Cheap to buy, easy to whip up, filling, and it's the most convenient thing there is when you're working on a column or fixing some equipment — I mean, who's got time for a proper dinner anyway?
Sucrose: This room is where I keep all the bones I've collected. On the table on the left we have lizards, frogs, and grass carp. To the front we have the bones of a wild boar, and then over there in the right corner is a hilichurl... Oh, don't be nervous, nothing to be afraid of. They're really quite cute once you get used to them.
Noelle: How may I be of assistance? ...Oh, you just want to chat? Okay then! Well, if that's how I can help, then please feel free to chat as long as you'd like.
Ganyu: My job is to honor my contract with Rex Lapis by looking out for the interests of all living things in Liyue.
Klee: Kaeya is the best! He wrote the Favonius Survival Rulebook for me and he always helps me cover it up when I make a big disaster.
Xiangling: Roasted pigeon skewers, anyone? C'mon, it's my secret recipe, you'll love it!
Lisa: A Vision may seem like a great tool, but one day, the power one accumulates always finds a way to turn back on you. Should such a day come for me, so long as you're around... Ah, never mind.
Albedo: Would you oblige me by serving as my assistant? After observing so many experiments, you surely know a good deal about alchemy by now. Relax, we will work together. I don't think you will have any problems. I have faith in my ability to instruct you, and even more faith in your exceptional talents.
Albedo: What do I do besides sketching and research...? I will occasionally read novels from Inazuma and Liyue. They contain many fascinating ideas which can sometimes provide me with unexpected inspirations for my own creations.
Xiangling: Wait... did I leave my apron outside to dry?
Venti: The Pyro Archon is a wayward, warmongering wretch, and the Geo Archon is a brutish blundering buffoon! How do I know? Because, this is written in the epic poems of days gone by!
Barbara: Don't stay out in the rain for too long, you'll catch a cold!
Tartaglia: Today was great. See you tomorrow, comrade!
Kaedehara Kazuha: Ah, you'd like to learn the art of the sword? Let me see... Alright — here, take this. It's a bamboo blade I just made. With these, we can practice sparring without having to worry about getting injured.
Bennett: "The dads..." that's how I refer to all the older adventurers in Mondstadt. Apparently, I was an orphan kid that they rescued from the most perilous situation ever. How cool is that? I have such terrible luck all the time, and yet I was rescued against the odds and survived all this time. It's a miracle if you ask me.
Keqing: Quite a downpour... Nothing will get done until it clears. Let this be a lesson to those who yesterday said, "I'll do it tomorrow."
Eula: I can't stand a rich broth. The flavor is too overpowering, it's so filling you can't train or fight afterward, and also, it doesn't really work as field rations... Simply put, broth and I are sworn enemies!
Barbara: Bennett always comes to the cathedral covered in scrapes and bruises... Though it clearly never bothers him a bit, given the big grin he always has on his face. He really should take better care of himself.
Kaedehara Kazuha: "Come driving rain or winds that churn, I shall return, by blade alone, armed, if barefoot, to my home..." I am Kaedehara Kazuha, a wanderer who roams the land. Since we are both travelers, let us journey together for a time.
Ganyu: You have a last-minute job for me? Okay, uh... Sorry, please don't try and explain it all verbally... Write it down, leave a note here. I'll get to it as soon as possible.
Ningguang: Calm weather? Do not trust your eyes. Your eyes can lie to you.
Diluc: Power is necessary if we are to meet our objectives.
Kaeya: Have you tried one of Diona's drinks? Oh right, you're still underage. Haha, such a shame, it truly is — to not be able to revel with you in such bliss. Hehe, I guess all we can do is wait for you to be old enough.
Tartaglia: Comrade. Make sure you keep training too. Otherwise, who will be left to fight me to the death when the world lies defeated at my feet?
Jean: Though it may be said that it is in a child's nature to play, the things Klee plays with are far from toys. I can never take my eyes off her.
Chongyun: As the day winds down and the quiet of evening sets in, the atmosphere is ripe for focusing your mind. There is no better time than this for training.
Diona: How did I get my Vision? Simple — everyone in the Kätzlein lineage gets one. ...Huh? Then why doesn't Draff have a Vision? Uhh... Oh no, the cat's out of the bag! Eek!
Razor: Varka? Razor doesn't know...
Chongyun: By now, you must be well acquainted with Liyue's supernatural phenomena. Now, about the evil beings you speak of in lands beyond... I would very much like to see them too.
Xiao: I have no interest in mortal food. Cooking is tedious and the wait is long. The one thing I can manage to stomach is Almond Tofu.
Kamisato Ayaka: A blade embraces its duty as a jeweler cherishes their gems.
Fischl: You and I are both travelers from another world. That our paths have crossed here is no accident, but the will of fate.
Razor: When I run with you, when I hunt with you, I am happy. With you, I am not a wolf, I am not a boy, I am just me. I am Razor. Because you are my friend. You are my Lupical. I hope you feel happy, too!
Mona: Do you know about constellations? Astrologers believe that the patterns of the stars map out the destinies of Vision bearers — past, present, and future, everything is written in the stars.
Noelle: My hobby? I really like washing all sorts of things... clothes, floorboards, windows, you name it! Whenever I see something dirty I just want to give it a good old clean! It just gives me such a sense of achievement! ...Oh, you mean the things I do in my free time? Hmm... Same answer!
Mona: You know, all those... overpriced, fancy foods. Personally, I think it's uncivilized and, frankly, dangerous to splash out and indulge yourself every time you have a little hunger pang.
Sucrose: Finally, a break through in my bio-alchemy research.
Amber: Mondstadt Gliding Champion, yep, that's me! Gliding Champion!
Diona: Life as a mixologist is very busy! When I'm not at the tavern, I'm out collecting ingredients for new recipes. So... So unless something is urgent, don't bother me.
Ganyu: Ah, I love the smell of Glaze Lilies.
Eula: The name Lawrence only became a social stigma after the clan fell from grace. It was once an honor to be called a Lawrence, but unfortunately, most people have forgotten about that part of history. The Grand Master says that I am performing rather well as a knight, and that if it's not enough to restore the honor of the Lawrence name, it's certainly a strong rebuttal against the one-sided opinions so many people throw around. I'm quite satisfied with that appraisal.
Klee: Ohhhhh... I broke one of the blades on the windmill - I'm really sorry!
Ningguang: This is truly a great investment. Sure, no Mora has been made from it, but the time I've spent with you is already a solid return. Haha, seems I win again - I put my money on the right person.
Xinyan: I'm on fire lately. Look out for my next performance!
Yanfei: I have to head out this morning to meet a client about a creditor dispute, but I also have to follow up on a consultation from last week by noon... Alright, time to get to work!
Kamisato Ayaka: My mother was the most incredible person. She was always so dignified and elegant, always smiling, no matter what situation she might be facing. She had so much to deal with in the clan on so many levels, but she took it all in stride — it was like nothing could ever faze her. Everything about her was perfect, and I say that without exaggerating. *sigh* But the moment she passed away, I realized... I couldn't hide behind my mother any longer. I wasn't little Ayaka any more.
Jean: Maybe we can discuss the tales of legendary heroes. Have you heard the story of the heroic king of Khaenri'ah?
Jean: I must say that Amber's development has impressed me recently. I hope that one day, her deeds will become the words of a bard's tale.
Diluc: Trifling matters can become Jean's greatest enemy.
Zhongli: By this time of night, we will have already missed Ms. Yun's play, but Liyue is full of interesting places to explore, even at night.
Kaedehara Kazuha: When I was a wanted man, the resistance gave me a lot of help. The time I spent with Gorou was brief, but he left a deep impression on me. He's the type of person who says whatever's on his mind. He shares the highs and lows of his subordinates, and is never afraid to draw his sword for the sake of a friend. That's the kind of person I can really get along with.
Kaeya: Kaeya, Knight of Favonius. Please, allow me to join you on your journey. Guarding you on your journey sounds far more entertaining than any of the usual Favonius stuff.
Barbara: Venti's voice is amazing! But the songs he sings and the ones I'm good at are very different. I tried to learn them but... the melodies are just so complicated.
Xiao: The damned will sooner die again than lay a hand on me.
Kamisato Ayaka: Many look up to me as the Shirasagi Himegimi and as the daughter of the Kamisato Clan. But the object of their respect has everything to do with my position, and nothing at all to do with me, Ayaka. It makes me think that... maybe, there is only one person I know who is truly able to get close to me...
Keqing: Nothing exists independently, and there's nothing you can do to change that. So, when you drag your heels on one thing, you're actually causing chaos for a whole bunch of other connected issues, too. That's why I firmly believe you should never put off until tomorrow what you can do today... I'm also a very impatient person and can't stand procrastinating, so that's also a part of it.
Rosaria: *yawn* Good morning... I've missed morning mass, haven't I? Ugh, it starts too early anyway.
Kaedehara Kazuha: The waves rise high out in the open seas. I, too, must reach new heights of strength.
Hu Tao: Positive energies and unity between yin and yang... Who knew such people existed in this world.
Xingqiu: Xingqiu at your service, my liege! I humbly trust that even one such as I, a mere bookworm, may yet prove to be of some utility under your wise leadership. Nice, I don't often get a chance to speak with such formality. It felt pretty good!
Kaedehara Kazuha: I gaze up at the moon and lend my ear to the gentle breeze, with wine in my cup and peace in my heart... Have a wonderful evening.
Noelle: I'm a bit useless in an argument because I can't really explain my reasoning clearly. People find that hard to understand, so instead, I try to just get on with my work in my own way. But then they call me stubborn. All I try to do is convince people with results instead of trying to talk them round... Is that really stubborn of me?
Xinyan: Almost about to go live over here. You comin'?
Chongyun: One of the main symptoms of congenital positivity is excess passion, something which has gotten me into many embarrassing situations. In an effort to alleviate these symptoms, I have to abstain from eating chilis and all hot food. I also have to take a parasol with me everywhere, and I avoid listening to rousing music. I wonder, will I ever overcome my condition for good?
Jean: It seems I'm immune to coffee now. Perhaps I need to ask Lisa for something... a little stronger...
Kamisato Ayaka: Kujou Sara of the Tenryou Commission is... not known to smile, and I have had my fair share of disputes with her. She is, however, a loyal servant to Inazuma, there is no question about that.
Hu Tao: The Yuheng, Keqing... she's quite hard to talk to. She's so uptight, hehe... Really makes me wanna mess with her. She wouldn't knock me in the head with her sword though, right? Or would she...?
Albedo: Albedo is the step in which change begins. Clearing away the excess so we can take on all the knowledge that is available. Would you like to investigate this world with me?
Venti: There's never a dull moment traveling with you! The only minor inconvenience is that pesky little pixie thing that follows you everywhere... she never stops eating, I can't begin to imagine how much you spend on food!
Eula: Aristocratic etiquette is all just for show... Just smile and nod along! I was forced to learn all of the rules by heart, but even I don't take them that seriously.
Barbara: Every time I get on stage I always start to doubt myself — can I really heal every person in Mondstadt? But I look at you now, and I feel that as long as we keep marching forward, maybe one day I might just— Huh? I've already healed you? Well, one's not enough! I've already healed a lot of people? I suppose...
Venti: I'm not surprised you want to befriend Master Diluc, just think of all vintage wine he must have stored away... Mwuhahaha... Huh? He doesn't let you sample it? Not even the slightest drop? Huh... Well, I guess you can still appreciate the aroma. That's still better than no wine at all, right? No?
Kamisato Ayaka: "Was it one's thoughts that drew him to my dreams? Had I known it a dream, one would not have awakened." Hehe, I love that poem.
Yanfei: The Historia Naturalis Liyue has an entry about a waterborne plant called the Horsetail. It claims that "The Horsetail is a medicinal herb that stands alone on the banks of Dihua Marsh. Its color is that of the clouds at sunset." Apparently, if you grind it into a powder and mix it into your ink, it makes your writing water-resistant. But it's a shame, I've been to Dihua Marsh at least a hundred times, and each time I end up with baskets and baskets of the common purple variety, but not a single one of the kind that the book describes.
Diona: "How did the Destroyer of the Wine Industry become the Cat's Tail's mascot...?" Y—You're asking this just to make fun of me! Ohhh, you're awful! I won't be giving YOU any more drinks, not even water.
Fischl: Dusk and dawn but fleeting shadows are. Once more, the twists of fate have led you into my everlasting night.
Venti: Right now I wish I was sat at the top of a tree, looking out over a meadow, cider in hand... *sigh*
Kamisato Ayaka: I only wish life could be as leisurely as this a little more often... How greedy of me.
Xinyan: I made this guitar myself, y'know? Based it off a rock 'n' roll instrument from Fontaine at first, but it stopped looking like the original real fast. I wanted to give it a rad name, like "The Fyre Lyre," or "The Jadebreaker," or "The Hill Stiller." Still, feels like we're missin' something... Any ideas?
Albedo: There's just never enough time, is there? Even when I remove the most troublesome matters from my schedule, I still can't find enough time for everything.
Zhongli: Violetgrass is a plant that enjoys a moist environment and is best picked after it rains. If you should choose to pick any, be sure to store them appropriately.
Ningguang: Be it simple price negotiation or a full-blown trade war, momentum and bargaining chips are but minor factors. To win, you need to be first to find out what cards your opponent is holding.
Mona: In the reflection of the water, I see the ascension of the morning star.
Xiangling: Anemo slimes always come out in this weather, if you catch some, I'll make you a Slime Slushie!
Qiqi: Did you ask me something? Sorry... I forgot.
Rosaria: Wine has its uses... like revealing someone's true colors, for example. Smooth talk is Kaeya's veil, but being me, I can see right through it. Hah, you should see him when he's drunk.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Oz, my loyal companion. That we should have met this person, one who hails from another world as I do... Perhaps even cruel fate has deigned to smile upon me, through sin courses through my veins. If I am indeed destined to remain here, in this inescapable prison that is reality, at least—\nOz: I understand mein Fräulein! In this traveler, Fräulein has found one who will never forsake her.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Hmph! What is food but the shackles of mortal flesh? ...But if the Prinzessin der Verurteilung should reckon any morsel worthy, then it must be the tears of sinners and the tongues of liars.\nOz: Has mein Fräulein lost her appetite for the Mitternachtsbrot des Sommernachtgartens?\nFischl: ...Uh— That is merely to provide mine earthly vessel with such sustenance as it doth require to perform its royal duties!
Kaeya: Is the Abyss Order causing you trouble? If there's anything bothering you, you know you can talk to me.
Razor: Lisa lightning makes the sky black. She is strong. She is scary.
Xingqiu: There is a cause that I seek to champion, yet few in Liyue share my aspiration. This I have known for a long time, for it is a path I have walked for many years.
Klee: Master Jean is the best! But she's also a little bit scary.
Chongyun: I take my meals cold to quiet the spirit and calm my vital energies. Qingxin-infused water with ice is the most effective.
Ganyu: I remember reading in an ancient text that "Only when days be darker than the darkest night, may a qilin be compelled to fight." That's a massive exaggeration... But should the time come for battle, and should you need me, then I will give it every ounce of my strength.
Mona: This was ordained by fate! Long had I forseen it.
Klee: Diona is the best! I like listening to her, last time I heard her say, "I'm gonna destroy the wine industry in this city if it's the last thing I do!" And I'm gonna help her using my bombs! ...I don't know what a wine industry is though. Is it a monster?
Kamisato Ayaka: "Inazuma Shogunate, Yashiro Commission, Kamisato Clan." Widely known as one of the most distinguished clans in all of Inazuma, it is the branch of the Tri-Commission that manages ceremonial and cultural affairs. Since my parents passed, Brother and I assumed responsibility for all clan matters, big and small.
Mona: The work of the astrologer is to show people what fate has in store for them, and that's exactly what I do. There will always be those however, who are unable to accept what they are told.
Xinyan: Hobbies? Rock 'n' roll, of course! You ever have that something you put your all into? When everything you love comes together into one thing, the place and time loses all importance. You just need to enjoy it to the fullest, and express yourself to your hearts content! I can never get enough of that feelin'!
Ganyu: I suppose this is the new way of life, then. I'm not going to complain. I'll try to embrace it.
Diluc: I believe Lisa has the potential to become the most reliable of the knights. If she's willing.
Xiao: Their voices... I can always hear them. Their screams, their cries, demanding more death...This is my burden to carry. It has nothing to do with you.
Beidou: Come, board my ship. I've gathered the crew. The food and drink are all prepared. Today is your birthday, so you are the captain. Haha, so: Where should we set sail?
Fischl: Oh? You inquire about my Edelstein der Dunkelheit? It is a royal heirloom, a ceremonial ornament that displays the majesty of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung before the unworthy. Even here, in this fallen world, I have been reunited with my rightful inheritance as one of royal blood and noble spirit, for the majesty of a true princess shall draw her royal heirlooms unto her wherever so she may roam.
Diona: Venti? I'm not familiar with him... He's a bard? Oh, he must be that guy who sings tunes to entertain the drunkards. Well, then I don't like him, no no no...
Amber: This breeze... so refreshing!
Kaedehara Kazuha: I owe Beidou my life. She took me in when I fled from Inazuma and gave me the courage to return there at the most difficult time of my life. She is a comrade in whom I and all the other sailors can place our trust.
Venti: Let's go jumping in puddles and see who can make the biggest splash!
Xingqiu: I've always thought that there is more to Qiqi than meets the eye. But it's impossible to have a conversation with her when Baizhu's around. Hmm... We could wait till Baizhu makes a home call to one of his other patients and corner her...
Xingqiu: My family makes ornate umbrellas that block neither rain nor shine. Their sole purpose is for decoration upon a wall.
Kamisato Ayaka: I'm fascinated by food from overseas. Though I don't get to try it very often... So, if I had to choose something from Inazuma, then probably... Chazuke. But not when anybody else is watching... So I tell you that in confidence.
Kaedehara Kazuha: She defeated my friend in a duel before the throne, which I accept as proof of her great strength. But she uses that strength to serve as an oppressor's lackey, leading the Kujou Clan's troops to relentlessly seek out and confiscate Visions. This... I cannot forgive.
Hu Tao: O-ya? O-ya-ya-ya?
Fischl: Oz's full name is Ozvaldo von Hrafnavines. Where I hail from, he holds dominion over star and sky across three universes, and the souls of the mighty, fallen in battle, rest in the shadow of his wings. One should add that the penalty for mispronouncing his name is to have one's tongue torn from one's mouth. However, as I am a princess and you are one who has my favor, we are at liberty to simply call him, "Oz."
Hu Tao: Hee-hee, moon's out, and so am I!
Hu Tao: My hat's gonna get blown away!
Rosaria: Listen disciple, if you've got a problem you can't handle, then I'm the one for the job. But if you're looking for prayer, you'd better find some other Sister
Amber: It's raining again... This will hinder our vision, we must remain vigilant!
Barbara: Ooh, snowflakes! Look at them dance!
Diluc: Just say the word if you need anything. For reimbursements, ask Elzer.
Jean: Good. On to our next objective.
Keqing: You know what, I think her music rocks. Too noisy by traditional standards, for sure, but I don't care. Good music is good music. And good music should reach the widest possible audience.
Keqing: I've heard his story — he was born into a well-to-do family, but wasn't keen on the family business, so he now devotes his time to being an envoy of justice. I have huge respect for that! Not everyone has the guts to follow their dreams when it means breaking with a long-standing family tradition.
Xiao: You want... Baizhu to make a medicine to take away my pain? I understand your intentions, but mortal medicine has no effect on adepti.
Ganyu: Each Tianquan adds their own interpretation and amendments to the founding laws of Liyue. The current one, Ningguang, does it with unmatched efficiency, but that efficacious manner of hers draws a great deal of criticism. I suppose it is always simpler to criticize than to tolerate.
Mona: Why do I write reports, rather than using my divination to earn Mora? I would never use hydromancy for the sake of Mora, nor did I learn hydromancy for that purpose.
Ganyu: Copy that! Here is a draft Service Agreement for your review and consideration. Effective immediately, if all is in order... Ah! Wait a sec, wait a sec, I forgot to sign it... Gan... Yu... There. Right. Now... What was it you needed me to do for you exactly?
Beidou: If you ever want to trade tactics, I'm always ready.
Ganyu: Qingxin Flower petals are pretty tasty. Incredibly tasty, actually. The only reason I don't plant any at Yujing Terrace is because they taste so good that I worry I wouldn't be able to control myself... Huh? Bitter... Yes, they are... Isn't that what they're supposed to taste like?
Kamisato Ayaka: Have you ever noticed the withering sakura tree in the city? For me, there is a beauty to the withering, it brings back fond memories of the spring. Most people don't agree — sakura trees that will never bloom again are removed. But when I look at a tree, all I want is to see it blossom again... just one more time...
Beidou: I'm the captain, so you can be my first mate! Deal? Ha? Such names are too outdated for you huh? We'll call each other whatever you wish then.
Kaeya: Hey, fancy joining me at the tavern for a bit?
Ningguang: In a trade war, the perfect hunter leaves no trace.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Don't worry — even if the day comes for us to go our separate ways, I am certain that we will meet again, in some corner of the world. The fate that brings people together is not a cord so easily cut.
Hu Tao: What would I know of the adepti? Ai-yai-yai, that kind of stuff is top-secret! Don't come asking me about it!
Eula: She's so annoying. She must have read thousands of books... could even be tens of thousands. Meaning, she can effortlessly recall any number of vile tales about the Lawrence Clan's corruption off the top of her head, accurate down to the exact date. Logically speaking, she'd be the perfect person to talk to about someone I'd like to track down, but... swallowing my pride would be too great a challenge.
Qiqi: Many happy returns. Here is a bag of herbal medicine for you. You must be very surprised that I remembered? Let me explain. Last time you told me, I wrote your birthday down on a piece of paper. If I look at something once a day, it eventually goes into my long-term memory, and it will stay there forever.
Lisa: Today's no good for going out... Hmm... Did I say that yesterday as well?
Keqing: My role is to manage real estate and construction in Liyue. Sure, Liyue is a vast place with abundant resources — but without proper planning, and if too much focus is placed on short-term profit, a great many things can go wrong.
Kamisato Ayaka: It is said that "the flavor of Zen is that of tea," and it is also said that "the power of Zen is that of the blade." One might then ask: What does that say about the relationship between tea and the blade?
Chongyun: There is no purer form of water than rain. It can aid us greatly in the purging of evil.
Tartaglia: Ah, how time flies. One day, you will see how I conquer the world and crush the thrones of gods beneath my heel. In the meantime... no dying, comrade! Keep yourself alive, haha.
Razor: The wind... bites hard.
Diluc: Some use the wind's whistling to drown out the sound of their crimes.
Jean: Only glorious victories are recorded in legends and history books. Surely even the great knights of old must have had their struggles? Wind, please show me the path.
Barbara: Sunflowers always face the sun. They're so bright. In fact, my mother sent me a sunflower-style dress... I wonder when I'll finally get to wear it on stage?
Chongyun: We exorcists have been protectors of Liyue since ancient times, and our techniques have been passed down from generation to generation. Purging evil is second nature to us.
Qiqi: It's time for you to sleep now. I will do my stretches. ...Do not watch me please.
Ningguang: The departure of Rex Lapis will be no small test for both the Qixing and the city of Liyue. Seldom has any matter kept me tossing and turning at night like recent events. Nevertheless, I shall not lose sight of my goal. There will come a day when the shadow cast by the Jade Chamber reaches every end of Teyvat.
Kamisato Ayaka: If you've got time, shall we take a walk to Komore Teahouse? To chat about the art of tea on a pleasant day like this seems like the sophisticated thing to do.
Diona: Hey, do you think there are any exotic plants on Dragonspine? Maybe something with a deadly bitterness, or something that numbs your mouth upon contact? I'm going to pick a lot! And then... hehehe-hee-hee...
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: I, Fischl, Prinzessin der Verurteilung, descend upon this land by the call of fate an— Oh, you are also a traveler from another world? Very well, I grant you permission to travel with me.\nOz: She means "Nice to meet you."
Diluc: You want to know what's in my glass? It's... grape juice. My drink of choice.
Albedo: Relationships are... quite troublesome. Once you establish a relation with someone, you must continue to maintain it; if you lose contact, you must reestablish the relation. This taxing cycle requires a lot of time...
Keqing: I once heard a Mondstadt fable about courage being what it takes for birds to learn to fly. But I think that you must first possess a yearning for the boundless skies before you would have any inclination, let alone the courage, to spread your wings and try to fly. For me, Liyue is that boundless sky.
Keqing: Great, having another trick up my sleeve gives me more flexibility in rapidly changing circumstances.
Jean: We've still got work to do. Let's keep going.
Lisa: Why not keep me company for a while... There'll be plenty of time for work later.
Diona: Uh, I was saving this can of fish for when I was really hungry. Stop looking at it like that! ...Mmm, okay, I'll let you have a little taste, but nothing more!
Razor: Run... Hunt... No. No! Must... become stronger!
Xiangling: That was the Tianquan! Did you see? She just walked past. Come here... closer... Let me tell you, she knows everything that happens in Liyue, so... keep a low profile, don't attract her attention!
Beidou: Before you step foot on The Alcor, you need to answer one question. When the sea is full of perils — why is it that you still wish to come aboard my ship?
Diluc: I don't like alcohol. It's just... I don't like how it feels in my mouth...
Ganyu: I've named every single doggie living in Liyue. But they're so funny, some of them still respond even when you call them the completely wrong name. How fascinating is that? Like, if people were to call me "Bantu," how am I supposed to know they're talking to me? No way would I respond.
Beidou: You want to know of my legendary tales? Hahaha, that's just my men exaggerating, adding in their own little details. Although, if you were to ask me if I'm afraid of what monsters lurk in the deep, I'd tell you I have no fear of them.
Klee: Good evening! Can you please tell Huffman that Klee is not a baby and is definitely allowed out to play at night? Please take me out to play together!
Keqing: It makes no logical sense to be greedy with food, but for me, all rationality goes out the window when there's Golden Shrimp Balls involved... They're just irresistible. The taste of a single Golden Shrimp Ball brings me so much joy that all the stress of work just melts away.
Kaeya: You always seem to be around to give me a hand. Thanks.
Keqing: I'm all for work-life balance, but I think this is pushing it.
Chongyun: Discipline is everything. Unbridled passion can have disastrous consequences. Trust me, I would know. ...Oh, no no no, not from personal experience, of course. Haha... Uh... I'm just stating my observations from what I've seen in my travels around Liyue.
Barbara: Please, tell me how I can be stronger! Just leave it up to you? No, no, that won't do! I want to help too!
Sucrose: If you're busy, please don't let me stand in the way of progress. You're not busy? Really? Its fine, I get that you have stuff to do, I'm already quite used to to working alone. You're truly not busy? In-in that case, I don't suppose you could help me with a few things? Or you know, we could just sit and chat about... stuff.
Diona: How come all my fans are drunk middle-aged men, while Barbara's are all young people...? Hmph! So stupid. Forget it!
Jean: As the wind continues to blow, so too shall I continue to fight.
Kaeya: That Outrider is a clever and righteous knight. Be careful not to step out of line in front of her.
Yanfei: Ah, this weather's got me in the mood for reciting some laws. Let's see... "Commercial Law of Liyue," Chapter 27, Section 6, Article 3 stipulates that— Wait, what was it...? Oh my goodness, I've completely forgotten! What is wrong with me today...?
Sucrose: Humidity levels are increasing... Think we could run some tests?
Tartaglia: Food is like weaponry. A true warrior never deliberates unduly over their choice of weapon, nor do they do so over the food they eat. Neither should you.
Zhongli: The current overseer of the funeral parlor? Ahem. I cannot deal with that child.
Keqing: I feel like now that we live in the age of mankind's rule, it's time for the legendary boy-adeptus to be released from duty. We no longer need a defender of that kind, because we are capable of working through the challenges we face on our own strength.
Xiao: I deal in death. If you cannot bring yourself to kill — speak my name.
Kaedehara Kazuha: I like falling asleep on a warm rock that's been soaking in the mid-afternoon sun, then waking up and continuing on my journey with no particular aim in mind. So long as I have my blade by my side, there is nowhere I cannot go.
Eula: Not all customs of the Lawrence Clan are despicable. At least the "Dance of Sacrifice" is pure and noble. It puts my mind at ease and gives me comfort. It's been years, but it's still dear to me. My body remembers every step that I... Well anyway, to end this digression, those who wish to master my signature "Favonius Bladework" technique have to pass my dance class first.
Venti: Eula has good taste when it comes to beverages of the alcoholic variety. Come summer or winter, she always likes them ice-cold. That's rare among Mondstadters these days! She and I would make great drinking buddies. Huh? My songs about the Lawrence Clan... She's heard them already? Eh, no harm done. Maybe she and I can do a duet sometime!
Noelle: I actually really like the smell of wine, I'm just not of drinking age yet. There have been a few times when I could have had a little taste if I'd wanted, and no-one would ever have known... but I resisted the temptation. I feel like the first time you try it is probably really magical, so I want to save it till I'm older.
Albedo: Sucrose? I think I more or less understand why she is so dedicated to her research in bio-alchemy... Either way, I'm happy to see her succeed more and more in her endeavors.
Xiangling: Hello, nice to meet you! My name is Xiangling, I'm a chef from Liyue! My favorite place is the chicken... I mean, the kitchen! Ugh, I practiced so hard, but I still get nervous when introducing myself... Hee hee.
Keqing: What do you think has kept Liyue going over the last millennium? Rex Lapis? ...I disagree. We mortals have to fight for survival whatever happens, he just feels the need to come down here and poke his nose into everything that's going on for some reason... Hmph, people don't like to think about this, but should we really be trusting him to be an expert in everything?
Rosaria: I sometimes feel that my former selves from years past still exist alongside me, urging me on. I'm sure you know the feeling, too. Even if you decide to venture down a new path, don't just abandon the former you. For that is the foundation upon which you now take footing. Do not fear your past, and do not be scared to come to grips with it.
Ganyu: Qilins are strict vegetarians, so please do not take offense when I decline meat dishes. Yes, that includes your vegetable fritters since they have been fried in animal fat. Thanks, but I can't. I'm afraid I really can't. I don't mean to argue, it's just I have a keen sense of smell, so I know how they've been cooked.
Hu Tao: Versemonger of the darkest alleys — that's me!
Xingqiu: Ah, dear Chongyun. Though he understands me quite well, one has to exercise caution when teaming up with him to go on a quest. He is making good progress in the martial arts, but I would say he hasn't quite internalized the chivalric code yet... He needs more practice. Especially at eating spicy food.
Yanfei: Sometimes, the commercial disputes I handle don't end very pleasantly. The other party might win compensation way in excess of the damages, or pay damages far exceeding the costs... Such is the price of violating a contract. Some people say I'm pretty terrifying, others try to avoid me altogether, but I don't need to explain myself to anyone. Since the very beginning, the welfare of Liyue has been my primary concern!Think about it — the origin of disputes can be traced back to the violation of contracts. People are a lot less likely to violate contracts when they see the fallout. Making sure that people realize the importance of contracts is a crucial part of my work!
Kamisato Ayaka: Thank you for your guidance. With your assistance, I am gaining a more thorough understanding of my capabilities.
Xinyan: You ever heard of opera? It's what those rich guys listen to at their banquets. It's all tenor this and falsetto that... Getting so uptight about music, ugh — it's just not rock 'n' roll.
Razor: If you're scared of lightning, hide now.
Eula: Since I'm a genuine Knight of Favonius, I fulfill my duties like any other self-respecting individual would. Look, I may be a descendant of a disgraced ruling elite, but I'm not a total degenerate!
Lisa: Have you heard Barbara sing before? Her angelic voice contains a magical healing energy. A different kind of magical energy from the one in my potions, of course. I wonder which one you prefer?
Qiqi: Hey, do you know what? Neither do I. I already forgot.
Xiao: Once the snow is thick enough, we can eat it.
Kamisato Ayaka: The Kamisato Clan once suffered a major blow when we failed to protect a swordsmith of national significance. We were harassed by the Fatui, we lost many of our people, and we received a great deal of criticism. It all aged Father greatly, and severely damaged the Kamisato Clan's standing within the Shogunate. Brother has worked tirelessly to reverse the trend since he assumed leadership, but although our clan's position is now restored and the Yashiro Commission is unified once more, we still rely on Brother to make the decisions on all matters of any importance.
Rosaria: Mondstadt is a beast of light, both old and young. Old in the sense that it constantly requires someone's protection, yet too young to ever survive on its own. That's why there's people like me. I care for Mondstadt just as the other Sisters care for the believers, we are all guiding that which we love onward on the path towards freedom. Huh? Why do I call it a beast of light? Because people like myself can only be found in the dark...
Kamisato Ayaka: If I ever have the chance, I would very much like to experience the festivities of another nation with you one day. Though, I will need some guidance on local customs and etiquette, and advice on what gifts to bring... Could I trouble you to give me some guidance?
Keqing: We do work together, but we couldn't be more opposite personality-wise. To her, Liyue Harbor is nothing more than a marketplace, and she'll do anything as long as it makes money for her. Doesn't she have any principles? Hmm, or maybe turning a profit is her principle?
Albedo: Good afternoon. I heard your footsteps. My, it certainly is lively outside of the workshop.
Sucrose: I extract the nectar from Sweet Flowers to make candy. When I get stuck in a rut I just pop one in my mouth and my focus returns. Retaining optimal blood sugar levels during research is essential.
Eula: If my family members refuse to change their corrupt ways, or worse, continue to cause active harm in Mondstadt... I should be the one to end them, along with the Lawrence name itself. For once, it'd be a family obligation I'd actually enjoy. And once the deed was done, I'd be free to pick any name I wanted. Or even let you pick one for me!
Eula: Captain Eula Lawrence, Spindrift Knight, Knights of Favonius Reconnaissance Company. I extend to you my greetings. Huh? What's that...? Yes, Lawrence, the evil aristocrats of historical infamy. Oh, we're still very much evil. Just look at me, I'm infiltrating the inner ranks of the Knights of Favonius, all as part of a diabolical plan to exact our revenge and reclaim our former glory!
Venti: Woah! What was that?
Ningguang: Perhaps you've never heard me speak like this. All that can be said has been said — both the good and the bad — but she still does as she pleases. Forget it. Keep Beidou out of my sight.
Xiao: Visions? Desire? Ha. Do not judge adepti by your mortal ideals. I have no desire.
Jean: Although we have peace, we must not become complacent. As the Acting Grand Master, I must remain vigilant.
Barbara: "To the wind that guides me: When I'm exhausted, bless me with the strength to keep going forward. When I'm uncertain, bless me with the wisdom to distinguish good from evil. When I suffer from injustice, bless me with the courage to fight back..." ...Oops, my apologies, I was just doing my prayers. *giggles* You need something?
Lisa: Wait, one last thing... A kiss on the forehead from master to follower. Now you're my star pupil.
Fischl: You seem... troubled. Traveler, Do not lose heart! For with my left eye, the Auge der Verurteilung, which sees the threads of fate, I will surely keep you from harm. And Oz, the raven that has witnessed the demise of countless worlds, will watch over you on your journey. Should this world, like a beast prowling in the night, covet your dreams, then I, Prinzessin der Verurteilung, shall fell it with my ensorcelled arrows of judgment!
Jean: Snow. Remember — tend to your boots when we return.
Tartaglia: The skeletal-white snowscape devours life without leaving any trace. It is the invisible enemy we fight against each day.
Barbara: I don't like anything bitter, especially... ugh, bitter gourd.
Keqing: Come on. Enough procrastinating. Let's go.
Rosaria: There are some troubles that only a stiff drink can take away. That being said, I never get drunk.
Kaeya: What? The Acting Grand Master? You need to give her your full support.
Noelle: I spend all my days handling the most trivial of matters, but so long as it helps you in your adventure, or makes your life easier in some small way, I couldn't be happier. That's because each time I get a thank-you, it makes me feel like my work at least has some meaning, no matter how insignificant it seems.
Fischl: Rejoice! Else, tremble in fear! Whenceforth springs this call to mirth and misery, you ask? Let it be known that I, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, sovereign of the Immernachtreich, have peered forth with mine leftmost eye into the tapestry of fate that doth make up the universe, and beheld its every warp, weft and dangling orphaned thread!
Albedo: Ample light... active biological organisms... Yes, this is a good place to sketch.
Diluc: Ah, yes... I've heard about her. She has her own convictions. Her determination to liberate herself from the shackles of her clan is praiseworthy. But, she's... joined the Knights of Favonius.
Rosaria: Good evening. Don't expect to see me at prayer tonight... And don't ask why.
Venti: Let's wait till the snow gets heavier and have a snowball fight!
Klee: Every lizard has a different pattern on his back, and some of them you can use their dried-out tails to make gunpowder with. I know because Albedo told me so.
Klee: Lisa is the best! She always sneaks me some treats when I visit her at the workshop. ...Huh, I just remembered I was gonna ask her if I could use the workshop to make some new gunpowder. But I totally forgot...
Sucrose: Once I came to understand more about bio-alchemy, I stopped eating mushrooms. You're no doubt aware? Mushrooms grow on that which has died, which in turn makes me think of other such things, and my appetite just disappears... Blergh...
Bennett: She's the best singer and dancer out there! I always go to watch her in concert after an adventure goes south– it really lifts my mood, chanting along with all the other fans, cheering her on. It's really kinda magical! It's no wonder she's so popular... Boy, if I had even half her popularity as leader of my adventure team...
Hu Tao: Xiangling's a riot! Only a little "boo" and she jumps, she's so easy to scare! Being in the industry that I am, I just love these kinds of people the most. Gotta keep it in check though, in case Guoba ends up toasting me instead.
Ningguang: The tea house has no more rooms? Then come, sit in the Jade Chamber... if you can afford the price.
Xiangling: If there's nothing better to do, we could go foraging for ingredients?
Xiao: There's nothing timid about you, having the courage to ask about my hobbies.So, fight me. How long do you think your body will last against my blows?
Kaeya: What a pleasant breeze, I wonder how long it'll last?
Xiangling: Any time, night or day, I am always willing to make dishes everyone loves. I think the Archons agree with my passion, or else they wouldn't have given me this Vision, something even my master doesn't have... I know they want me to keep going!
Diona: What's that!? What's that!? Let me see! Maybe I can add it to my next cocktail to give it a dreadful taste... Huh? It's just a strange-looking mushroom, how boring...
Klee: Hello, are you here for playtime with Klee?
Xiangling: I can smell Mist Flowers! It must be Dr. Baizhu! What is he doing here? Uh-- Are you okay? Do you feel faint? Is your stomach sore? Or is it a sore throat? I've got it, you're fatigued from all that adventuring! No?... You're fine? Phew! Otherwise, he would have made you drink some traditional herbal medicine — it's so bitter!
Kaeya: Albedo, eh? Calm, collected, and incredibly talented. He's the type everybody likes, some even more so than others. What, you into him as well?
Chongyun: I was born with something called congenital positivity, meaning I have too much positive energy... Apparently it's so rare it only happens once every thousand generations or so. It means I repel all evil for miles around... *sigh* Actually, that's a bad thing. I must be the only exorcist in history who can't get within ten miles of an evil spirit.
Chongyun: My name is Chongyun. My family has practiced the art of exorcism in Liyue for many generations. Fate has been generous in allowing my path to cross with that of your distinguished self. ...Oh, no — my services are free of charge!
Kaeya: Ahaha, you want to know about the secrets of Sister Rosaria? That... I cannot tell you. Though my impression of her is not bad — certainly better than a certain someone whose name I won't bother to mention. She's honest with herself. She casts off that which she has no time for and she doesn't feign motivation for affairs that do not interest her.
Razor: The sun is up. Time to hunt.
Kaeya: You're not scared of the dark, are you? That's... interesting.
Kaedehara Kazuha: What say you join me out at sea someday when the weather's fine?
Sucrose: Waaaaa! No, stay back, don't come over here! No, no, it's nothing personal — it's just that this experiment is highly volatile and might cause an explosion.
Diona: When it comes to butterflies, I'm the best at pouncing on— err, catching them. Hey, not in a fun way! I catch butterflies to add a nasty taste to my cocktails. I'm not a cat! Meow! *hiss*
Kamisato Ayaka: Ah, little Sayu. She hasn't been causing you any trouble lately, has she? Hehe, if you ever notice her slacking off, please let me know.
Ningguang: I suppose you've heard enough rumors about me. Hehe... What kind of person am I? I shall leave that for you to decide... Of course, your judgement will become a part of the rumor.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Compared to the storms I've encountered out at sea, this is really quite tame.
Ningguang: I am Ningguang, Tianquan of Qixing. You wish to trade? You be my personal bodyguard, and I will show you how to get ahead in Liyue.
Klee: This is Dodoco, my oldest and bestest friend! Okay, now I've introduced you, don't forget her name again alright? No more calling Dodoco (puts on silly voice) "that silly doll Klee always hangs on her rucksack."
Ganyu: He seems like a bit of an outsider, socially. Probably just his personality... I can understand that, to be honest, but I'm not really about to try and get close to him. I mean... all the people he's ever agreed to team up with are no longer with us...
Qiqi: Cute. Like a nice little finch.
Xiao: Grrgh... Those memories... So dark...
Qiqi: I just remembered something. I forgot to help Dr. Baizhu prepare medications.
Xiao: Venti? So that's the name he goes by. His tunes are... forget it.
Xinyan: Happy birthday! I made some embroidery especially for you. Check it out — I sewed both our images on in the style of Fontaine's dolls. Pretty cute, eh? ...Why are you looking at me like that? Wh—What, it's not that weird that I can do embroidery!
Xingqiu: I am uninclined to eat a heavy meal this luncheon, but instead indulge in some baked treats. As long as I eat in the study, my father and brother never have to know! Oh, you want to join me? Well... As long as you don't get crumbs on the books, I suppose it's fine.
Xiao: Can I ask... Zhongli — what does he do with his days? Huh? Birds, antiques, flowers...Hmm... What deeper meaning do they hold?
Lisa: Come on Razor, that's it, good boy! Let's do some combat practice — I've found you the perfect partner. Hey! Come back!
Diluc: Checkmate! ...Still, it's been a while since someone tested me this much.
Kaedehara Kazuha: I've asked myself this question many times since leaving Inazuma. Do I simply resent the Raiden Shogun because of what happened in that duel? Because of the lethal stroke she dealt my dear friend? I've thought about this a good long time, and I believe the answer is no. My friend died an honorable death in that duel, and the Shogun was not unjustified in her conduct. My dissatisfaction with her has its roots in the Vision Hunt Decree. No-one has the right to rob another of their hopes and dreams — not even a god.
Razor: Arms... bigger?
Qiqi: I like coconut milk... But, I don't know what it tastes like.
Ganyu: If you lie on the grass, you can feel the heartbeat of the world.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Hark! 'Tis Thundering Retribution, an omen of dark times ahead...\nOz: That, and mein Fräulein's laundry is still on the line...\nFischl: Wha... Seriously!?
Sucrose: The essence of research is the process of finding the answer. Sometimes, working through that process can be tedious, but every time I see the cumulative result of my efforts... I know that I'm doing what I love.
Xinyan: My favorite stage outfit's one I made by hand outta Silk Flowers. You must've seen those flowers before, haven'tcha? Passion-red, they are — a perfect match for my music!
Xinyan: Ack! Gotta find some cover, quick, or my hairdo's gonna fall apart!
Mona: You want to chat... for fun? Oh... I don't usually have spare time for such activities, especially when I have so many columns left to write... Then again, since it's you, it might be worth it. Hehe, a change of pace once in a while isn't such a bad thing.
Jean: When Lisa is around, I always have peace of mind.
Klee: Bennett is the best! I always find way more treasure if I go adventuring with Bennett! ...But he never finds any. Why is that, anyway?
Xiao: Trouble? Ha. Trouble means nothing to adepti. There is no trouble that can last for a thousand years.
Venti: What's that tasty morsel you've got there... Eew! A melted cheese pancake! A smelly, sticky, slimy disgusting mess!
Ningguang: That girl from Wanmin Restaurant... Her suspicion towards me is always written all over her face... Hehe, I wonder what face she would make if only she knew how much I helped finance that restaurant...
Jean: Barbara is a hard worker, but I feel she's too hard on herself sometimes... What? You ask me how I know all this? It's because the order also manages the Church.
Jean: When I'm wholeheartedly devoted to my work, all of my troubles and and even my sense of time seem to just slip away. Hmm, Grand Master Varka did say to me: "Jean, there is no better candidate for this task"...
Hu Tao: Vision... Vision...? Oh, this thing? Yeah, whatever...
Beidou: Let's get Xiangling to whip us up something for lunch. Believe me, a hot meal from her is far better than the salted fish we eat out at sea.
Diona: Why should I tell you!? Hmph! ...*sigh* Since you won't stop asking... and since we are friends, I'll tell you: One time, my daddy went missing on a hunt in a big storm. All I could think of was finding him, saving him... That's it, are you happy now!
Mona: Divination is about precisely foretelling one's written destiny. Over-embellishing that fate only leads to misconception.
Klee: Me and Albedo have a secret code! Whenever he puts a sign on his workshop door saying "Experiment in Progress," that's code for "Come back later, Klee." Albedo's really nice and he's so patient with me, so I don't mind waiting until he's finished with his work.
Ganyu: Could we maybe... find a peaceful resolution instead...? Never mind, doesn't matter...
Amber: Morning! Want to go on a jog?
Noelle: In my job I do the exact same things every day — a far cry from being a true knight, that's for sure. But ultimately this is all part of my training, and when it comes to training, actions speak louder than words.
Jean: Onwards! We have work to do.
Eula: The Acting Grand Master's family and mine are sworn enemies. But she draws a clear line between professional and personal matters. She saw I was capable, admitted me into the Knights, and gave me lots of opportunities. So, when the time comes for vengeance, I'll afford her a reasonably soft landing.
Bennett: Oh, I know who you mean. The girl who's always charging around all over the place. She's always off adventuring in the wild, just like me... But if you ever see her near a cooking pot, you'll soon find a cloud of thick black smoke blowing in your direction, followed by the smell of burnt steak... Huh, maybe she was born unlucky too?
Keqing: Thunder and lightning can be quite frightening, but don't worry — Liyue's storm and fire defenses are second to none.
Mona: That said, a Vision doesn't hurt to have as a little accessory. It is, after all, the one useful study tool that miserly old lady ever gave me, in a rare act of generosity.
...Huh? You're not a disciple?
Chongyun: Visions are powerful, but one would be foolish to place blind faith in them. Personally, I trust more in thaumaturgy and martial arts. In the end, one cannot become truly proficient without vigorous training.
Venti: How do you explain white chalk in black soil, or the earth's dense crust amidst the emptiness of space? Same reason the purest soil gave birth to human life... It's an ancient power with unmistakable properties. Trying to harness it is dangerous indeed, I can't imagine what would happen if someone lost control of it in the city... Ah, never mind! What goes on within Mondstadt's walls is up to Mondstadt's people to deal with!
Razor: I have no human family. I am a wolf.
Eula: You want to learn some Favonius Bladework? Heh, alright then, I'll teach you.... Oh yes, I'll teach you, alright, mark my words...
Hu Tao: If you ask me, there's nothing hard or scary about working at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, it's just a pain is all. It's a shame — others see us going out to work at night and just don't understand — and that's what scares them. *sigh* You all just don't understand!
Sucrose: Ahhh! I haven't been out in a while.
Noelle: Everyone in Mondstadt is saying that I'm much more reliable now. Some even say that I'm to be made a true knight soon, but I don't think... What!? You think so too!? Oooohh, thank you! Coming from you, that is the best compliment I could ever hope for!
Ganyu: "With authority over a thousand comes responsibility to a thousand." Rex Lapis knows the meaning of hardship better than anyone else in Liyue — he has seen everything that has happened from ancient times to the present day, and yet he was forced to give up his entire life. Compared to him, I'm just an everyday Vision holder with everyday responsibilities. I can't complain about my workload.
Beidou: Great! I feel much stronger.
Ningguang: A slow-boiled soup of leftover chicken and pork bones drenched over some cabbage leaves. I have few culinary requirements. Having a few staple dishes like this is enough.
Ningguang: I'm usually not so quick to place my trust in others, but it seems I will no longer be able to make such claims. You've done splendidly. If only I had more like you... No, perhaps... you alone are enough.
Keqing: If a Vision means the approval of the gods, then I don't see why I should want one. In fact, I find it quite insulting... It's like trying to say everything I've ever achieved is all thanks to the gods looking out for me! Well, I got to where I am today through hard work. The gods had nothing to do with it.
Razor: Talking makes me tired. Talking is hard. But I have to try.
Lisa: Hi darling, are you going to be Lisa's little helper? What? Me, a grand mage? That was a long time ago, I'm just a humble librarian now. *chuckles* Don't worry darling, I'll take very good care of you. So...
Venti: I like to drink! And I like the wind! If only there were such a thing as wind-brewed cider...
Zhongli: I don't like seafood. Just seeing it reminds me of that... slimy texture, and that scent that just won't wash off. As for why I hate it... *sigh* It's a long story, so let's just say my memory is a little too good.
Xinyan: That's the groove, alright! That's what I'm talking about!
Barbara: Noelle is just the cutest! She's so kind and patient, you just feel totally relaxed when you're around her. ...Oh yeah, and she makes the tastiest snacks! Best part is, they're also healthy. Tee-hee!
Noelle: To be honest, I'm feeling a little dejected. Sure, this Vision proves that the Archons think I'm worthy, but why is it a Geo Vision? I mean, Geo's the furthest thing from Anemo, and for a Knight of Favonius...
Lisa: I can be your teacher, your master, or your friend... or all three if you want...
Beidou: Ningguang eh? As far as Liyue Qixing is concerned, she seems to be doing a good job. But for me, my responsibility lies with my ship and my men, and not with Liyue Qixing.
Xingqiu: Are you keeping well, my liege? If you have no other matters to attend to, might I recommend a trip to the Wanwen Bookhouse?
Xiangling: I think I've won you over with my cooking now, right? It's time to introduce you to my latest masterpiece — I call it "the most marvelous multi-colored super pancake"! Bright red squirrel ham, orange carrot, yellow sunfrog meat, green calla lily and blue butterfly wings, beautifully wrapped up in a thin egg pancake— What? I thought you said you were starving? *sigh* okay.
Kaeya: I didn't realize we'd known each other for so long now. Time flies! You know, following you on your journey might just be the most fun I've had in my whole life. I hope it stays that way.
Ganyu: Um so, yeah, uh, I was, uh... I was wondering what your opinion is on my work so far? Would you say I'm... more of a Common Chest or more of a Luxurious Chest? I—It's fine. I—I can, uh... I can take it.
Albedo: Good night, you go ahead and rest. I will just finish one last experiment before bed... If you are interested in the results, I can discuss them with you tomorrow.
Diona: How is it that even a captain is a disgusting boozehound! You know, that guy who's got that laugh! He downs drink after drink. Ugh!
Zhongli: The market is closed and the port has settled. Go get some rest.
Xinyan: Mornin'! I was just warming my voice up. We're in real good shape today.
Albedo: There's something I've always wanted to ask you, but feared rejection and disappointment...Eh-hem... I am very interested in your little floating companion. May I borrow her to investigate for a short while?
Noelle: He's a mysterious character! He comes and goes like the wind, and is always occupied with important business. I like the fact that he delegates some of the smaller jobs to me sometimes, it's nice to feel like part of the team, you know... What do you mean, "errand runner"? I don't see it like that at all! Okay, well yes, technically I run errands for him. But still, I really appreciate it!
Xinyan: I'd sure love to add some extra flavor to my rock 'n' roll. Wanna get on the drums next time? You've got a good sense of rhythm. ...You've never played? Don't sweat it, it's a question of soul, not skill! Give it a go, I just know you'll be great!
Ningguang: Care for a game of Liyue Millennial? It'll give me an opportunity to see exactly how good you are as a player.
Amber: Klee? She can be a bit cheeky sometimes, but everyone in the Knights of Favonius likes her. Although... I really ought to keep a closer eye on her if I wanna keep her from getting put in confinement by Jean again.
Kaedehara Kazuha: I never stay in a single place for very long. Stagnancy dulls both my connection with nature and the blade I wield. While I am still able to, I want to travel far and wide and meet all sorts of different people.
Albedo: Barbara? She's a very earnest Deaconess. I once had the opportunity to sketch her a simple portrait... What happened to the sketch? Ah yes... Albert offered to purchase it, but I rejected his bid and gave it to the Acting Grand Master. Social relations... really require a lot of effort.
Zhongli: Want a quick meal to pick us back up? I know a good place in Chihu Rock.
Beidou: I have many brothers that sail with me. I have asked, and remember, why each and every one of them came on board. You, however, are special. I know you still have your own things to deal with, and as such, I won't try to rope you into coming onboard permanently. But remember, there is always a place for you onboard The Alcor.
Beidou: At a loss? When you don't know what to do, just take the first step. The rest will figure itself out naturally.
Razor: My lupical is my only family. But I don't have four legs, not like them. Because I'm not a real wolf. Sometimes this makes me sad.
Ganyu: Ah, the air is just right.
Amber: It seems that now... I've improved so much compared to when we first met! Hehe, thank you so much! Let me treat you to a Sticky Honey Roast! Let's go, let's go!
Jean: I swear by this sword, victory shall be yours.
Beidou: After all this training, I feel like I'm finally at my best. Thank you... But please, I'd still like for you to keep me on my toes.
Hu Tao: Snow!
Xiangling: Oh... I don't like the rain.
Ningguang: You've been with me for some time now. Have you learned to observe? Then observe me. Observe me right down to my very core.
Amber: I'm a pro at hunting, you know! How about I show you some of my skills? Or even better... how about a little competition?
Rosaria: Trouble, and lots of it. Although, it is sort of a cute kind of trouble...
Xiao: Demons do not stop for the rain. Move.
Eula: "Descendant of a depraved dynasty" isn't the most flattering reputation to have. The only way I can shake it for good is if I keep avenging my kin in my own way. Those who desire vengeance need power first, so it makes sense that I would get a Vision.
Amber: Oh no, it's raining... now my uniform will get all wet...
Fischl: To condemn the guilty, to sanctify the just, and to draw all castaway dreams into the embrace of infinite Immernachtreich. This is the birthright of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, and her burden. None may gainsay it.
Noelle: Master Jean has always been my role model, both in terms of ability and dedication. She holds herself and others to the same high standards, so if there ever comes a day when I meet with her approval, it will be the ultimate acknowledgment of all my efforts so far. Until then, there's no room for complacency!
Ganyu: I finished all my assignments early today. ...O—Overtime? I understand. I'll get right on the case.
Ganyu: I want to understand more about humans... And I especially wish to hear what you think of them. Why, you ask? Because you're... you're a bit different from most people in Teyvat, just as I am... please, tell me what you think.
Keqing: What do you mean, Geo Archon paraphernalia? ...You're not suggesting my bedroom is full of that stuff, surely? I'm not a child anymore! Although... Okay I did buy a couple of Rex Lapis figurines recently, but — but, they're just to keep me on the straight and narrow. Look, just because I own an idol or two does not mean that I idolize him, okay!?
Barbara: Traveling with you, I have discovered that the world is my stage! Thank you so much! *giggles* Ok! Let's shout it one more time! Three, two, one — Go Barbara, go!
Chongyun: Nothing makes me happier than sitting down to an authentic Inazuman meal, ingredients imported of course. After training hard all day, the ice-cold freshness of Inazuman cuisine takes the exhaustion away.
Kaeya: Wine tasting is an art form. Mondstadt's wine is a gift from the Anemo Archon, it's only right that one should learn how to appreciate it.
Bennett: Weather's not bad today... Oh crud, I jinxed it! Now it's bound to rain.
Hu Tao: Tianquan Ningguang... Well-off, a radiant gaze, exquisite face, in the know and capable of anything!
Yanfei: Need a cure for insomnia? Let me read you the history of the development of Liyue's legal system! None of my friends have ever lasted longer than 20 minutes... Oh, you want something more fast-acting? Then I'll recite from the legal codices! Let me know in the morning which section I got to before you fell asleep! Okay, here I go...
Zhongli: For those that live too long, the friends of days gone by and scenes from their adventures live on in their memories. As such I have no regrets in meeting you, friend. Should the day ever come that we are not together, you will continue to shine like gold in my memories.
Klee: I hate, hate, hate Mondstadt's crabs! All of them! I wanna go out and play, I don't wanna just sit there tryna de-shell a crab all day...
Albedo: "The truth of this world"... *sigh* What could it be?
Xiao: The Lantern Rite? Hmph. the time for humans to discard their glowing trash into the sea has returned... How childish...Though if you insist... I will go with you.
Amber: I'll share my ultimate Gliding Champion secret with you! The most important thing to remember, is to have courage!
Xiangling: Oh wow! This feels great! My whole body is bursting with energy!
Chongyun: It is unwise to waste the precious morning hours. Time to train!
Xiangling: Meeting you has really opened my eyes to things other than cooking. Like what? Well, such as... um... for example... I can't think when you put me on the spot! Forget it, I'll stick to cooking from now on. I have a new recipe for you to try, actually...
Hu Tao: Wanna come over for tea?
Barbara: Are you tired? Try my new spicy energy drink, I'm sure it'll wake you up!
Jean: Legend has it the wind was unusually strong on that day too...
Jean: If only there was some kind of mysterious potion that could keep me awake forever... I need to have a talk with Lisa tomorrow.
Xinyan: And here I was wonderin' why we got on so well! So you're not from this world, and that's why you don't care for its rules. Now that's how life should be like! Lose the red tape, and live free!
Lisa: Fischl, yes, she's always in the library looking to borrow fantasy novels. She always returns her books three days early and looks after them very well. She's a good kid.
Albedo: The soil is moist, ideal for collecting the roots of Boom Blossoms. No please, allow me to handle this.
Klee: What'd I blow up!? ...Oh wait, it's just thunder and lightning. Phew.
Lisa: Every time I ask Noelle to dust off the bookshelves, I'm always left with the sense that the more exhausted I make her, the happier she becomes. Yes, who knows what's going on with her... *chuckles*
Xinyan: Xinyan's the name, an' rock 'n' roll's the game — and I'm the only one who plays it in Liyue Harbor. Been thinking about staging concerts elsewhere lately, but... Hmm... Well, word is that you've been all over the place, Traveler. So, what say you sign me up for your world tour? Anywhere's good!
Eula: People tell me that if I just spoke more softly, or was more polite, or acted more deferentially, others may find it easier to forgive me, but the only reason they think that way is because they've never been branded a pariah before. There is no easy path to redemption when you're a social pariah. I'm more inclined to stop tiptoeing around everyone all the time and just get out there and make them respect me the old-fashioned way! As in, we square off and if they win, I humbly accept my punishment, but if they lose, they must acquiesce to my demands... Such as... Well, I mean, if I want to buy a loaf of bread, take my darn money, for crying out loud!
Klee: Mona is the best! It's so much fun when she comes to play with me and Albedo. She talks about all these amazing things, and I don't understand most of it but... Ah, I just love it when Mona comes round!
Keqing: When you're passing by Heyu Tea House and have to squeeze your way through the biggest crowd you've seen in your life, that's when you know Yunjin's on stage performing. There's not a merchant in Liyue who wouldn't buy up the place if they had the chance, and Yunjin is the reason it would be worth every Mora.
Zhongli: Have you heard of the origins of the Lantern Rite? In a war, long ago, the people of Liyue would release lanterns to remind their soldiers of the way home, and to never lose sight of themselves. Though in this day and age, I doubt there are any that remember.
Noelle: Please stay indoors until the storm passes. I will deal with any urgent outdoor business.
Jean: As I walk with you, the path ahead becomes clearer. It's almost as if I have finally found someone I can trust, I wonder if... No, this must mean that I am still lacking in strength... I must not give up, I will not — I cannot fail the knights and the people of Mondstadt. Still... thank you.
Keqing: The lights are coming on now that the night is setting in. Another delightful day draws to a close.
Venti: Acting Grand Master Jean... Well, what do you think of her? Yes, I couldn't agree more: conscientious, courageous... kind and considerate too. Reminds me of another good friend...
Diona: Aw, I failed... Ugh, again... Everyone loved my drinks! Gah... Don't try to comfort me. I—I don't need comforting!
Hu Tao: Fighting's a pain. For me, it's not an objective so much as a means to an end. Using the means to reach the end, to fight for that which I will not compromise on — it's in this way that you and I are the same.
Xinyan: Dr. Baizhu's prescriptions are the tops at preserving my voice. I did an impromptu performance for him as thanks, but... the snake he keeps around his neck fainted away. Haha, now it ducks up Dr. Baizhu's sleeve every time I'm around. I only discovered afterwards that snakes are very sensitive to vibrations.
Eula: Good! With this much power, I daresay even the Acting Grand Master herself would be no match for me!
Fischl: Oh, the sun's out— *cough* Um... This meteorological transformation is most splendid! Like a felicitous twist of fate in the face of certain doom.
Bennett: I brought a sandwich. You want some? I'll give you hal– *choking* *spluttering* ...Phew. Sorry, nearly choked to death there!
Razor: Grr! Sharpen claws. Sharpen teeth. Become stronger!
Zhongli: Visions... are also a type of contract. You should know that all power comes at a price. For every bit of power you gain, so too do you gain more responsibility.
Noelle: You seem tired. Would you like some tea? I'll brew you some. Do you take sugar? One cube, or two?
Albedo: What a view... How about a quick break so I can sketch this beautiful scenery?
Diona: Don't, don't make me angry. I'm pretty tolerant, but don't even try to mess with me. I'm warning you, I bite when I get angry! Meow!!! ...But maybe I'd let you off easy, no bites...
Beidou: I tend to be a good judge of character. When you've learned to read the open ocean, reading people is a cinch. Haha, and that's how I knew you're the good sort the second I laid eyes on ya!
Diona: Diluc... I can't stand him! If there was no Diluc, there would be no Mondstadt wine industry; if there was no Mondstadt wine industry, Daddy wouldn't drink; and if Daddy didn't drink... he would keep me company. Ohhhh...
Yanfei: Happy birthday! Here, this is for you. I've collated legislation from all the nations — you're planning to go traveling, right? It will serve you well to familiarize yourself with the law of the different lands.Don't study too hard mind you, or else... I won't be of any use to you.
Kamisato Ayaka: I have always greatly enjoyed working with Guuji Yae. Organizing festival affairs generally takes a lot of effort and doesn't generate much income, but Guuji Yae's events always come off both elegant and profitable.
Bennett: It always rains when I go on an adventure.
Yanfei: I don't like cold dishes... maybe it's because I rarely eat them. When I would get home late, my father used to keep a lantern lit for me. He'd hear me coming and ask me if I was hungry. In his words: "The best dishes are served hot."
Diona: Lisa is so nice and gentle! But... how can such a gentle person also be a regular drinker!? Ohhhh... Why!? ...There's really no hope for Mondstadt, is there?
Hu Tao: Baizhu? Ugh, that guy...
Eula: My fighting skills just got a whole lot stronger... But I shouldn't get too conceited just yet. There are some truly formidable knights among our ranks, and I must outperform them immeasurably if I wish to defeat them and avenge my clan!
Diluc: The legend of the "Darknight Hero"? An interesting rumor.
Ningguang: There's no style in resorting to violence, it's simply the worst of all the bad decisions you could make.
Hu Tao: You've been all over, so you must've seen a lot. When you've got the time, tell me your story, yea?
Zhongli: The God of Contracts. Have you heard of him? He has an impressive memory. He remembers the name of every person he comes across, and the date that every ship in Liyue sets sail. After all, only in being able to do so can he memorize all of the contracts he holds. With that said, not every memory is a happy one...
Eula: I'm into all sorts of cool things. Sipping a nice cold drink, sitting in a canyon feeling the biting wind howl past my face, or diving into the lake at the foot of Dragonspine... Waiting for you to stroll by unsuspectingly, so I can sneak up behind you and drag you down into the icy depths...
Qiqi: Ah, I understand. When I get stronger, I need to put more effort into controlling my strength.
Kaedehara Kazuha: The most easily obtainable food source when you're out at sea is, of course, fish. So it goes without saying that a seafaring adventurer must give careful consideration to how to cook a tasty fish-based meal... If the chance arises, I'd like you to try some of my cooking.
Tartaglia: I'm No. 11 of the Fatui Harbingers, codename Childe, but I also go by Tartaglia. And you... Hmm, you too like to cause quite the stir, don't you? Something tells me we're going to get along splendidly.
Jean: Our work will not handle itself... But, I suppose the occasional short break is warranted. Let us rest for a couple of minutes.
Razor: Greens are bad. Animal eats green things. Then I eat animal.
Chongyun: I avoid Xinyan's performances like the plague. That heated atmosphere... Even if you don't intend to get involved, it still... Let's just say that it gets me all hot and bothered.
Amber: Hmm? Bennett... I feel like I've heard that name before... Oh! Yes, he's that hot-blooded guy from the Adventurers' Guild, right! I tend to come across him way out in the wild from time to time, he seems to really love treasure hunting.
Noelle: My name is Noelle, maid of the Knights of Favonius, and it's my pleasure to be joining you on your adventure today. Should you encounter any problems at any point throughout your journey, please do not hesitate to call me and I will be delighted to provide you with my full assistance. Yes, starting right now — what do you need?
Yanfei: Eula saved me once, and we've kept up correspondence ever since. She's very familiar with the Knights of Favonius' legislation, but has never been one to be bound by convention. She uses cunning logic to deal with problems flexibly... Perhaps the reason we get along so easily is that I'm a similar type myself. Still, I'll never acquire that carefree spirit of hers. We are in very different professions, after all.
Bennett: Wow, check out all this power! How can I repay you, though? Hmm... Oh yeah! I know this Domain where there's a priceless treasure hidden somewhere inside! Let's go hit it up!
Keqing: Since Rex Lapis left us, we've actually found some common ground. I was quite judgmental of her in the past, and we still fundamentally disagree on a number of issues, but in the current climate I have to say I count her as a comrade in arms.
Xiao: Lunch... We'll go back to Wangshu Inn.
Diona: Wha— Ugh, no! You heard nothing!
Tartaglia: Bravo, comrade! Thanks to your help, I am one step closer to my goal of conquering the world. I doubt even the Tsaritsa herself ever expected I would make it this far.
Rosaria: I'm sure Varka means well, but his long-winded conversations get real old real quick. Although, he does really care for those around him, doesn't he?
Ganyu: Recently, everyone in Yujing Terrace has been saying nasty things about the Crux Fleet. But in my personal opinion, Beidou's contribution to Liyue Harbor goes far beyond what those miserable rumor-loving heathens could even contemplate! ...Oops! I'm sorry, I... I'm not quite sure how that one slipped out...
Keqing: You want to know more about me? Sure. Let's start with the principles that are central to the role of Yuheng. Once you've memorized the hundred or more contractual obligations of the position, you'll know my hopes and dreams like the back of your hand!
Diona: Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius... A rare, mature adult who doesn't drink... But perhaps a little too earnest, cause is it just me, or are the Knights overdoing it a bit on protecting me? Hm!
Xingqiu: Only when it snows like this would I prefer to be at home than in a book store. For there is a well-stocked fireplace at home, while there is no fire is allowed in book stores.
Eula: We're not so different, you and I. We're both outsiders in Mondstadt. Difference is, Mondstadt welcomes you with open arms, but they treat me with hostility and suspicion...
Xiao: I'm far from human. I can't make much of human emotions.
Zhongli: My power is growing, and so with it grows the burden on my body... I'm okay. My structure is not the same as that of normal people. Please do not worry yourself.
Bennett: Hmm... Well, if you really wanna know... When I have a bad day, I feel a bit glum. Like, it sucks when I come back empty-handed from an adventure, or when one of my dads' old injuries start acting up. But they're just small things really, after a good night's sleep I forget all about them. New day, new start! Haha!
Kaedehara Kazuha: I used to love the rain when I was small. The sound of it would lull me into a peaceful sleep. But since I've grown older, my feelings have become more... complicated. I still like to listen to the rain today, but whenever I see the storm clouds start to gather, my heart sinks and I can't help but wonder: "Hm... will some nice person let me stay the night today?" Listening to the rain in drenched clothes is hardly peaceful — hehe... nothing can be when you're constantly interrupting yourself by sneezing.
Mona: A Tempus Fugit... The constellation derives its name from the hourglass, and stands for knowledge and time — or rather, the trade-off between them. As each grain of sand falls down, a moment of time — of life, even, dies for good. To stop the unrelenting flow of sand, one would have to turn the hourglass on its side. But once the sand comes to rest, it remains motionless forever... Hmm, maybe 'becomes lazy' is more accurate than 'comes to rest,' in this case.
Diona: Here you go — fried fish with my special sauce! ...Relax, I didn't add anything strange! My cooking is actually really good when I want it to be — stop talking and try it already! Hmph... that's better... Oh, and uh, happy birthday.
Rosaria: Perhaps a god has the power to protect everyone if they would choose to do so, but that would never happen. Otherwise, people's suffering couldn't ever be taken seriously.
Xiangling: You've seen the dragon in Mondstadt? How big was it? What!? No way! Imagine how big a steak a dragon that huge would make!
Xingqiu: Now this is what I call, "a moment of solitude."
Venti: Good work. Shall we repose for a moment, with a tune? Shall it be a capriccio, or a serenade?
Ningguang: Yuheng... She has changed a lot recently. But is Liyue better off with the Yuheng we have now, or the Yuheng we used to know? Only time will tell.
Rosaria: Hmm, just what I needed.
Lisa: Try not to bother Sucrose if you're at a loose end, you'll only startle the poor girl. She's gifted at interacting with all sorts of exotic creatures — just hopeless when it comes to humans.
Noelle: What is this... new power!? Thank you! Now I can be of assistance to even more people.
Ningguang: Your impressions of me have changed? Haha, well, at first I required your strength, so naturally I had to be as cordial as possible. But now that we are partners bound by contract, we may do away with such pretentious formalities.
Klee: Do you wanna come fish blasting with me? I'll get grounded for a whole day, but it's way worth it coz the fish taste sooo goood!
Xingqiu: Where does Xinyan perform? Anywhere from Chihu Rock to Yujing Terrace — no spot is untouched by her disruptive presence... A quiet day when I can curl up with a good book is a rare treasure indeed.
Ningguang: The second son of the Feiyun Commerce Guild. People like him can't stand the sight of me, which is only to be expected. I have no intention of troubling him either. Those who have different beliefs should not work together.
Kaedehara Kazuha: ...The midday sun has a way of making one yearn for a moment of sleep. What say we find ourselves a place to rest?
Bennett: He's my role model! Talk about team leaders– he's the Grand Master! Leads the whole darn Knights of Favonius! How incredible do you have to be to do that!? Recently, though, I've been thinking that having a smaller Adventure Team isn't such a bad thing after all. I mean, if things got too busy in the team, I'd have no time to look after all my dads in the guild, would I? Yeah... Yeah, things are fine the way they are.
Yanfei: My name is Yanfei, top legal expert in Liyue — and for the avoidance of doubt, no-one else comes close! From commercial litigation, to civil mediation, to criminal lawsuits, I'm fully versed in every area of the law, and I guarantee you a swift and satisfactory conclusion to your case! My contact details... Where should I write this down? ...Hmm, paper will just get lost, and it'll only rub off if I write it on the back of your hand, so... Aha! I know, I'll just write it here, on the clothes of this... whatever this thing is that follows you around.
Barbara: My father left on the expedition with Grand Master Varka... I hope they are okay. Oh, what am I worried about? The Grand Master is none other than the Knight of Boreas, of course they will be fine! Still, I will be sure to pray for their safe return.
Chongyun: Waiting for evil to show up at the doorstep will get you nowhere — you have to go out and hunt it down. By purging Liyue of evil spirits, I bring peace of mind to people and also broaden my horizons. If an evil spirit ever bothers you, just let me know. I'll come and help you out right away.
Klee: Mm, new-bomb research complete! Now, let's get outta here before Jean finds out...
Beidou: I'm not a fan of anything cold, it does nothing to fire up my appetite. I'd rather fry up a few fish.
Yanfei: Visions appear in response to strong desire, so as someone with ideals, it's only natural that I should have received one. Because, above all, I wish for all people to live honest lives and abide by the law. But some people will always insist on playing by their own rules and causing havoc for everyone else... Hah, those people can expect to be prosecuted so hard, they won't know what hit them!
Kaeya: Do you drink wine? Dandelion wine has a unique body to it. Oh, you're underage? You should try Mondstadt's apple cider vinegar. I know just the place.
Ningguang: Come forward, stand beside me. Do you see the Jade Chamber? At first it was just a room, and now it clouds Liyue. When the time comes that it hangs above all of the seven nations, you shall stand by my side on that day too.
Lisa: I suffer from extreme pumpkinphobia. The fall harvest is a difficult time of year for me, as you can imagine. I wonder if it would be worth the trouble to make all the pumpkins in the world disappear...
Zhongli: Where do you want to go next? If you'd like to see Liyue's tourist spots, I have a few references.
Sucrose: Snow this big only falls a few times a year. If I miss it, I'll have to wait until next year to run my experiments, so please give me some space. Ah-Ahchooo! ...Yes, I know, I should wear more layers...
Xiangling: Lunch is ready! Come and get it while it lasts! *munching*
Rosaria: You have a job for me? I've got time.
Yanfei: My friends from the Communications Office often get me to go fishing with them. They say it's to exchange angling tips, but deep down everyone's keen to show off. I've gotten the better of everyone a hundred different ways, but they continue to scrutinize my business... After so much success, it's gotten a little embarrassing... So every time, I end up taking advantage of my ingenious acting skills to make myself seem humble, you know? What's with the face — are you doubting me?
Tartaglia: Whew, dinner was quite the feast. A spot of exercise is in order.
Razor: I keep watch. You leave, you call me.
Xingqiu: My father and brother entertained that gentleman as a guest once. From the way they were acting, he must be a very high-profile figure indeed. I also heard that he directs funerals for adepti, so he must surely have some inside information. We should do some digging and see what we can find out about him!
Xingqiu: We should become sworn siblings, let's go to the altar at Jueyun Karst. Nope, no ifs, no buts, you know too much about me! You know the real me, the one I normally have to hide. I simply can't let you go until you promise me you will go through with it!
Bennett: Do you wanna come and see the view of Mondstadt from above some time? It's real pretty at night, when the city's all lit up and you can see the moon reflected on Cider Lake... Huh? From where? Haha, well, there was this one time when I got picked up by a tornado and ended up on this cliff way up high– Not interested? Oh, okay then, never mind.
Lisa: I can see how hard you've been working today. Let me think of a way to reward you...
Ganyu: Yaoyao... Someone I know at the Ministry of Civil Affairs tasked me with keeping an eye on her in the city, making sure she doesn't try and sneak aboard the Crux... Oh, you want to know what the Ministry of Civil Affairs does? ...Who knows, am I right!? Heh... Who knows what they do? ...Not me...
Keqing: If you feel strongly about something, you should speak up and take action. That's the philosophy I live by.
Xingqiu: I like baked goods and Yue-style seafood. Probably because I'm used to quite a bland diet at home.
Kamisato Ayaka: Good afternoon. It is normal to feel drowsy after lunch, might I interest you in a game of Go to stimulate the mind?
Ningguang: This is one of Liyue's finest brocades, woven from silk flowers. You can use it to have some clothing made, and have a happy birthday.
Diona: Ooh, it's so cold to touch. Wow, it's so much fun!
Hu Tao: Yo! Afternoon! Had lunch?
Kaedehara Kazuha: Taking a stroll in the middle of a downpour certainly rouses the spirit... but it's best to dry your clothes as soon as possible after the rain stops.
Xiangling: Is there time for a quick snack? I'll whip one up in no time!
Xingqiu: What annoys me? Hmmm... Well, one day my brother will inherit the family business. What will happen to me then? I fear my current carefree existence would... Oh—no no no, it's not about my status or anything like that. I don't care for that kind of thing. I think my brother is something of a simpleton and I would probably end up having to do most of his job for him...
Diluc: The artwork in the manor? It's not mine. It's a collection that belonged to my late father.
Lisa: Such a calming breeze... Perfect for taking a nap, don't you think?
Diona: You and me... we're good friends now, right? I kind of remember having a friend like this before, but maybe it was a dream... Here, give me your hand. Ahh... Hmm, nice and warm... Very nice... please don't leave me, and become another dream.
Klee: Spark Knight Klee of the Knights of Favonius, reporting for duty! ...There's some more, but uh, I forgot. I'm not so good at remembering...
Jean: A true knight can't afford to be a picky eater.
Amber: I'm really not that good with riddles. I always try to avoid the riddles stand during Ludi Harpastum... What about you?
Xiao: It's too late. The connection between us is too strong. Even if you wanted to, it's too late to sever it. Hm? You've never thought to sever it?*sigh* This eternal dance of demon subjugation... My fight goes on.But I would like to know more about you.
Yanfei: If you're concerned about what kind of complicated issues you might get tied up in during your travels, your best bet is to bring someone with you who knows and understands the law. Someone like me, for example, whose expertise goes beyond just the law of Liyue... Well, actually, having said that, Fontaine's law is notoriously complicated... Though, with my level of intelligence, getting acquainted with it should be no problem! Anyway... My point is, you can always rely on me!
Keqing: Who knows what Rex Lapis must have done to inspire such blind devotion from Ganyu... But her reluctance to be critical is not without its advantages. In the workplace, she'll carry out my instructions to the letter, even when I can tell she has her reservations. It's a good attitude to have as a career professional.
Tartaglia: Ah, I'm sure the Harbingers must know of my dealings with you by now. Oh, I'd love to see the look on their faces... Hahaha...
Razor: Vision helps Razor... fight with lightning tooth! Protect lupical!
Kaeya: Sparkling wine is a specialty of Mondstadt. Mix it with three parts Dandelion Wine and the bitterness disappears completely. This concoction is known as "Death After Noon." Delectable.
Qiqi: Sometimes I see finches near the pharmacy. A nice little group of finches.
Tartaglia: You wield such powers without owning a Vision... I really am excited to see what you have in store for us... Let's see how far you can go. Just don't go dying on me before you lay it all on the line in our own final battle! I won't allow it!
Ganyu: Ah, Yanfei... Even back when she was an innocent little girl, she would tell me that "you have to keep your promises to live a happy life." Now, she's grown up to be a beautiful, graceful, and highly successful young woman. Although the work of a legal adviser is complicated, she always seems so carefree. This puts my mind at ease.
Albedo: Good morning. Are we going to search for ancient relics today?
Ganyu: I have absolute faith in Rex Lapis. It was only through his leadership that we were able to repel the monsters and subdue the sea creatures, and thus protect the peace of Liyue. The sight of him protecting the masses, and the memory of our centuries of camaraderie... I shall never forget it.
Venti: I'm actually highly allergic to cats, I start sneezing as soon as they enter the vicinity, and... Aaah... Aa-choo! Ugh, apparently I can't even THINK about cats without sneezing. Do you think there is a cure for this monstrous affliction?
Diluc: Alright, see you next time. I'll make sure you leave safely.
Chongyun: Exorcism uses thaumaturgy and martial arts to conquer evil. There are other means to the same end, but they are not the true way.
Yanfei: What the... What kind of injurious weather is this!? It's c—cold... Achoo...
Ganyu: You mean the boy in the blue jacket from the Feiyun Commerce Guild? He's nothing like his father and brother, doesn't seem to care about the textile business at all. Seems it's because as far as he's concerned, there are more important things for him to be doing. Of course, I'm merely speculating...
Amber: Look, there's a pigeon over there! *giggle* I wish I could fly alongside them.
Xingqiu: Ah yes, the young lady who is now the Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. If you're asking what I think about her as a person... Well, there are all sorts of rumors about the way she works. But I think if you really want to understand someone, you need to find out what they are really after.
Razor: I had a big lunch. Lots of meat. Mm, I'm happy.
Mona: I don't know. Unless left with no other choice, astrologers do not foretell their own fate. The elders of my art warned against it, for it can turn fate in on itself, which is incredibly dangerous.
Xiangling: Hee-hee, I'm proud to call her a fellow chef! She hasn't swung by the Wanmin Restaurant in ages, though. Maybe our teacher is trying to protect her from me or something... Last time we hung out I was about to tuck into some fresh raw octopus from the Sea of Clouds, but not only did she stop me from eating it, she sent our teacher to tell me off too! Hmm... I'm older, so I'd always seen myself as the senior chef out of the two of us,  but sometimes, I'm really not so sure...
Venti: Come, sit with me. I've written a new poem. I call it "Wind of the Traveler."
Lisa: You want to know about Diluc? Haha, in that case, I know someone else you should talk to.
Xiao: Go. I'll be here.
Xiangling: Xinyan always comes to the Wanmin Restaurant for a late-night snack! She gobbles up all the new dishes that the likes of Xingqiu and Chongyun don't go near... and nine out of ten times, she enjoys them too! She's great.
Diona: Ahhh... that stretch feels good.
Diluc: Would you like to try the secret menu?
Lisa: I've already tried to persuade you every way possible... *sigh* Have it your way, cutie. I can no longer go on pretending at this point - Even a Hilichurl would see through the act. So be it, let me introduce you to the true Witch of Purple Rose.
Xiangling: Watch carefully! Heat the oil in a pan, then take a handful of crystalflies — wings removed — pop them in, and voila! Delicious deep-fried crystal— Hey! Where are you going?
Beidou: I've been through some hard times. When I was a child we had little money, so nothing to eat, and lived for years by stealing fruit off of people's trees. Even after I got my own ship, I was cast out by pompous merchants. But me telling you such stories is merely for your amusement. I have no intention of making you live through it too.
Xinyan: I feel your awesome, overflowing passion! Tell you what, I'll write you a rock song. It'll be your song - and I'll play it just for you!
Diluc: You have already proven your determination. Well then, it is now time for you to witness my resolve.
Fischl: I appear to have now regained most of the strength I lost in my transition to this world. Mwuhahaha, the day of judgment is nigh! ...Ah, worry not. Even at the last, when I bring the lightning of retribution upon this world, you shall come to no harm, for thou art blessed by the Prinzessin.
Xinyan: Alright, that's a wrap! *yawns* If there's nothin' else, I'll go take a nap somewhere...
Keqing: "The time has come for humanity to make its mark in the land of the Geo Archon..." Turns out that was quite an ambitious statement after all. But I want you to make me a promise: come and visit when the new Liyue Harbor is born, I will show you around. After all the help and support you've given me along the way, you deserve to see Liyue reborn with your own eyes. I owe you that much.
Noelle: Ready for your tea break? Please wait here while I get it ready. Oh yes, I also made Lighter-Than-Air Pancakes! You simply must try one, it's my specialty.
Kamisato Ayaka: Master of Inazuma Kamisato Art Tachi Jutsu — Kamisato Ayaka, present!Delighted to make your acquaintance.
Eula: Technically, aged Dandelion Wine should be poured into a silver goblet and allowed to breathe for 12 minutes, then you're supposed to add ice cubes, ideally so 60% of the ice is submerged beneath the wine. I refuse to do all that though, it's not worth the hassle.
Keqing: Sleep well... me? Uh... I still have a handful of things on my to-do list, but I'll call it a night once they are done.
Ganyu: Oh, the sun's out. When did that happen?
Tartaglia: Ice fishing and combat follow the same principle. Patience and decisiveness are key. Though having said that... I suppose the same is true of everything in life.
Barbara: I've seen Amber rushing out of Mondstadt on a mission countless times. Being an Outrider doesn't look easy.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Me? Hehehe. Remember thou this, that I, Fischl, am the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, Sovereign of Immernachtreich, omniscient and eminent judge of all the world's iniquity!\nOz: She's an investigator for the Adventurers' Guild.\nFischl: ...Ahem. That is but one of my many royal engagements.
Noelle: Can you hear the Anemo Archon's voice on the breeze? It calms me down whenever I get flustered.
Hu Tao: If I reach my full physical potential, then the next test is of the heart. It's largely thanks to you that I've been able to step foot into this uncharted territory. It is here that heart and soul are as one like clouds. Death is a constant for all among the multitudes that sit beneath the heavens.
Eula: Sometimes, when it's busy in the tavern, they ask me to share a table with other customers. But once they find out that I'm a Lawrence, suddenly everyone gets indignant and provocative, and starts trying to bait me out in some way. I just want to have a drink, is that too much to ask!?
Kaedehara Kazuha: Wherever in this world I roam, I carry memories of my home... This blade... It is the last link I have to the land of my birth.
Xinyan: Not that I'm picky, but I can't stand bland food. If it's supposed to be salty or spicy, make it salty or spicy! You can't have a good time if you don't go all-in on the flavor! Even if all I had on hand were enough ingredients for one serving of Jewelry Soup, I'd make sure I'd do right by them!
Diona: A cat's eyes can see even the most elusive prey in the dark.
Mona: Your arrival is untimely. The morning star has just waned... Breakfast? No, I—I've already eaten.
Jean: Eula? Um... Please, do not hold her unfortunate background against her. The Knights of Favonius evaluate each person impartially. Eula has a clear sense of right and wrong and is more talented than most. The controversial statements that she makes from time to time are just a product of her personality. For instance, she always mentions wanting to challenge me, but I do not mind.
Beidou: When we're out on the open ocean, the one thing we do all miss is Xiangling's cooking. When spirits are low, just thinking of her fried jueyun chili, bursting with flavor... It gives everyone just that little extra kick.
Xiao: The taste of Almond Tofu feels like a fond dream...
Diluc: Visions are a light in the sea of darkness that surrounds those who have lost their way. But for those who have faith, they are little more than badges of conviction.
Beidou: Yaoyao always comes on board to play when we're in the harbor. Trouble is, when it's time for her to go she gives you the puppy eyes, and no-one has the heart to send her away... Means we're always cutting it quite close by the time we manage to set sail.
Mona: My scryglass has long since preordained all that will take place beneath the stars it reflects.
Beidou: One year on the eve of the Lantern Rite, we ran into a storm as we were returning to port. Try as we did, we only made it back to Liyue Harbor in the dead of night, long after the lanterns had all been released. As I looked towards Guyun Stone Forest, I saw an adeptus, floating in the air, in the form of what appeared to be a young boy. I guess it is like the legends say — there really must be those that watch over Liyue, even if they cannot be seen.
Kamisato Ayaka: Though I do not eschew animal fat and organs entirely, they are far from my first choice.
Rosaria: Me? I'm just another ordinary person. Church, work... I just do what I have to do.
Rosaria: You don't always know why good things happen, or why we should be happy about them. Heh... But if you ever face a problem too big to handle, don't give up hope. You never know, someone may be there to help, even if you can't see them.
Kamisato Ayaka: Openness is something I find very difficult. I constantly have to remind myself that as a lady of the Kamisato Clan, there are countless people watching and countless expectations to live up to. I must be a model of exemplary conduct at all times. But even so, shouldn't I still follow my dreams? Shouldn't I... share my true feelings with you?
Lisa: Here, take this amulet, it will bring you good luck. It's my birthday gift to you. I spent a long time making it, so don't lose it now!
Kaedehara Kazuha: I heard it was your birthday, so I wrote a haiku for you. Unfortunately, I'm not the most talented in this area, and after trying for several evenings, I was still only able to come up with the first two lines... I guess I'll just share what I've got so far, then. "Sun and moon rejoice / Birds of dawn sing songs anew"... Wait, don't say a word, I think the final line is coming to me... Yes, how about.... "Far from home, with you." Anyway, Happy Birthday. Let's go and get you some cake, shall we?
Beidou: We're setting sail! Men, to your posts! A new adventure is about to begin!
Zhongli: Tsk... It reeks of wine. That bard has just been through here, hasn't he? That drunkard is a disgrace to the arts. Oh... Has he tricked you into getting drunk? You're slurring a little. Wait a moment, I'll brew a pot of sobering tea. It'll be ready in only six hours, so just wait a moment.
Diona: Come on, let's go bask in the sun a bit~ ...If you aren't coming, I'll just go by myself~ ...Last chance! Are you coming or not!?
Kamisato Ayaka: Today, as in the past, I aspire to be somebody whom everyone can trust. But what motivates me is no longer the responsibilities I shoulder, or the expectations of other people. Rather, it is the fact that you are this kind of person, too.
Xingqiu: I hate carrots. When I was young, my mother would mash them up into... Ugh, I can't go on. Just thinking about it makes me feel sick...
Sucrose: No need to wait up for me. Please, get some sleep.Something bothering you? Oh, don't worry about me — I'm right at the end of my experiment. I promise you I won't stay up late again...
Noelle: Everyone has free time in the evening, and that is when I am busiest. Where have Amber's washed hairbands been placed? How many new eyepatches did Kaeya buy? Keeping track of all these things is a maid's responsibility.
Xinyan: Whatever's going on over there... Looks pretty rock 'n' roll to me!
Diona: You want a non-alcoholic drink? No, that's not difficult, but it's meaningless! It doesn't have anything to do with my grand plan of destroying the wine industry of Mondstadt. I won't waste my time on such a drink, hmph!
Ningguang: In Liyue's ancient texts, there's no shortage of mentioning the beauty of the glaze lily, but in the modern era, the flower is on the brink of extinction. Now they can only be found in Yujing Terrace, and as such to come with a hefty price tag.
Ningguang: Zhongli... Of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. He's very versed in a great deal of affairs. Although... such excellent pawns are of no use to me until I know their weaknesses.
Lisa: *sigh* Perfect weather for sipping a cup of tea while gazing out the window.
Ganyu: Power? ...Now there's a key performance indicator I haven't needed in a long time.
Noelle: Even when you're too busy to eat three square meals, never eat something if you don't know where it came from, and always maintain a balance between meat and vegetables. Oh, and no swimming right after a meal. Haha, I do hope you're not thinking, "that's too much trouble I'll just leave it to Noelle," are you? ... Oh... but of course, if you are... Well then, just leave it to me.
Amber: Jean makes the most amazing cup of coffee! You'll have to try it sometime.
Kaedehara Kazuha: I'm sure everyone living in Inazuma has heard of the "Shirasagi Himegimi." The lady of the Kamisato Clan is as perfect as a person can be, though our paths have seldom crossed. I wonder what she thinks of the state of Inazuma today?
Xinyan: Thanks for staying to jam with me! It's almost time for lunch. I've brought your share as well! We've got tomatoes, sausages, fried eggs... Say what? I don't seem like the type? H—Hey now, don't you look down on me. M—Making a nice-looking meal was no problem at all!
Keqing: Ugh, having said that... I ordered a Lucent Crescent from Mingxing three months in advance, and when it was finally time to pick it up, they told me Ningguang had bought up the last few months' worth of Lucent Crescents for herself by paying double the price! *sigh* She can be such a pain!
Barbara: Do you like spicy dried fish? I have two in my bag. Here, have one!
Xingqiu: According to historical records, Tiancheng's stone bridge was formed by a fallen rock spear thrown by the Geo Archon Morax in battle. If you walk along the bridge on your birthday and throw some Mora into the sea from both sides, you will be blessed in the coming year... Your birthday only comes once a year, so be quick about it if you wanna go... I'm not kidding, it's true! Go try it and you'll see!
Kaeya: Sucrose may not be much of an extrovert in public, but as they say — it's always the quiet ones... Apparently, her laboratory is home to quite the eclectic range of implements and her experiments are more than just intellectually stimulating... All hearsay, of course. You don't seriously think I would go snooping around a fair lady's private quarters, do you?
Diona: Well, if you ever feel lonely, you can chat with me. I know lots of cool things~ I'm a good... what's that called... chatting partner! Yes! A good chatting partner, come chat with me... lots... ...okay?
Lisa: Visions? Ah, they're a necessary device in controlling the elements — with you being the sole exception, of course. Hmm... As for why that is, perhaps... we can find the time to experiment a little?
Razor: You are my friend. We can hunt. Together.
Yanfei: Well, I guess I've mastered both the pen and the sword! I've been lucky to have you with me through to the end of my training. Compensation? Uhh... a twenty-four-hour specialist personal advisor? Sounds good... But no haggling!
Barbara: Don't worry! I will not... be blown away!
Klee: Sucrose is the best! This one time she asked me if I wanted a Jumpy Dumpty that can run as well as jump. Tee-hee, well duh! Of course I do, I want hundreds of them! I wanna put them on every street, every staircase, and every square in Mondstadt!
Razor: The wolves are my Lupical. My family.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Sweet shall be thy sleep, spared of the mares of the night! For no night mares would dare draw near to those who are blessed by the Immernachtreich!\nOz: She means "Goodnight."
Keqing: Happy Birthday! I've got a very special gift for you. It might look like an ordinary old lantern, but this one runs on Electro energy and stays alight for a really long time. For those times when you need a little extra light in your life.
Xingqiu: I have great respect for Lady Beidou. I just wish she wouldn't call me "kid" and ruffle my hair each time she sees me.
Bennett: "Good things come to those who don't wait around!" That's what they say, anyway. Knowing my luck, the opposite is probably true for me...
Xiangling: Finally... with this power, I can cook... *giggle* ...Oh no, I've started salivating!
Sucrose: Talent? Let's hypothesize that he and I were to perform the same research — I'd spend my whole life playing catch up. But, my studying of bio-alchemy has nothing to do with evading his line of research, we just happen to have different interests and dreams — nothing more.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: With this,  I may more fully manifest my majesty as Prinzessin der Verurteilung, and defeat that sworn enemy of fate named "reality."\nOz: It will also be of use in your work for the Adventurers' Guild, mein Fräulein.
Jean: "For Mondstadt, as always" is the Gunnhildr family motto. Every time I use my Vision, I am reminded of my mother and the hopes of the people of Mondstadt. For Mondstadt, for freedom — that is what I fight for.
Klee: This little marble is supposed to be a present from Barbatos to say well done? Well done for what though? ...Hmm, he is the god of freedom I guess, maybe that's why he likes me? Alright, from now on I'll say thank you to Barbatos by showing that I have the freedom to blow up as many fish as I want! ...Am I doing it right?
Rosaria: There's something extremely interesting about this bard... I can't quite put my finger on it. There's something that makes him different from the others in Mondstadt.
Tartaglia: This place is pretty dead... By which I mean, there's nothing to kill.
Kamisato Ayaka: Come with me! We're not going far away — I promise it won't delay you too much. I managed to find out when your birthday was well in advance, so I could prepare in good time. Hopefully this wasn't assuming too much, but I guessed you might prefer this to an expensive gift. In honor of your birthday, please allow me to perform a fan dance for you.
Klee: He's one of the weird grown-ups. He's so grumpy all the time... Why does he never smile?
Zhongli: Despite never having signed a contract with me, she upholds order within many strata of Liyue society in her own way, dispelling misconceptions and correcting biases... Should her father one day return from his travels, I imagine that he would be even more delighted than I.
Sucrose: Recently during my experiments, I've found myself suddenly wondering when I'll next get to go on an adventure with you. So strange... Why do you think that is? I need to do some scientific investigation to find out.
Eula: The easiest way to destroy your enemy is to take them down from the inside, right? That's why I joined the Knights of Favonius.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: I do worry about the well-being of my retinue during my impromptu absence...\nOz: I'm sure the good people of the Adventurers' Guild are absolutely fine, mein Fräulein.
Xingqiu: There aren't many records on matters concerning Visions, but I do have a passage dedicated to the topic in my collection of ancient texts. I can lend it to you if you want.
Zhongli: Liyue's prosperity has not been merely built on Rex Lapis' oracles or wisdom, it is also thanks to the countless servants of the Geo Archon who have honored their end of the contract. Of them, Ganyu is the one who has served for the longest time. If you want to know about her past... You should ask her about it. I fear my wording would not be delicate enough to receive her approval.
Sucrose: If you look closely, you'll notice that the Mist Flowers I've planted here are all different. This one is the most powerful, this one blooms the longest... Hmm? This one? Oh, this one is project 3, version 17, enlargement trial. It's defining trait is that... it's a bit larger.
Keqing: Morning. Time to set the tone for the rest of the day, so if you're still feeling sleepy, shake it off!
Ningguang: Morning. Report your affairs, in order of priority.
Zhongli: Have you heard of the origin of the Blackcliff Forge? In the past, they would mine the ore veins of Mt. Tianheng, and then replace the cavities with factory equipment. Tunnels run in all directions throughout the mountain — some even run to the ruins deep within the earth. I doubt there is a person today who could map out all the tunnels.
Yanfei: You must have heard of the Tianquan, Ningguang? She's the highest authority where the law is concerned, and often makes amendments to the legal codices. Every round of additions, retractions, and revisions generates mountains of material. Why, the latest edition of the legal codices contained three new laws, 121 revised legal annotations, and an array of new legal precedents. Archons know how long it's going to take me to commit them to memory...Hmph... still, she's a businesswoman at heart, I'm not about to let her beat me when it comes to the law. Once I've finished memorizing these, I need to step up my productivity...
Zhongli: To get people to abide by a contract, and act in accordance with the guidelines set out within, is simply to ask them to respect the concept of fairness. It is not a large request. How are there those who still do not understand such simplicity?
Qiqi: On some nights, I almost feel like someone is doing stretches together with me. But maybe I just have an overactive imagination.
Eula: Rise and shine! The two-hour period before sunrise is the perfect time to strike, because the sentries are getting drowsy towards the end of their long night shift.
Barbara: *yawn* All this standing around is making me so sleepy...
Tartaglia: Remember, comrade, one day I will conquer the world!
Albedo: Citrinitas is the final stage of the alchemical transmutation process. The meaning of the object being transmuted has finally been brought to light, becoming gold and revealing its true value... I too have found my own meaning.
Yanfei: I have a self-defense method that I call "Wrath of the Flame," based on a punishment called the "Wrath of the Rock," which is detailed in the ancient work "The Comprehensive Compendium of Liyue Law." The Lord of Geo is the God of Contracts, and contracts, too, can be seen as a way of restraining people. Haha, ergo, Liyue Harbor has been the City of Contracts since time immemorial.
Hu Tao: Ahhhh~ What a nice breeze~
Lisa: You're still up? I'm getting sleepy...
Qiqi: I want to have a pet. For example, a nice little finch.
Ganyu: "Drink only spring water, eat only whole grains," that's my motto. So I would be grateful if you could please remove that treacherously enticing-looking plate of delicacies from my field of view. Much obliged!
Fischl: What does it take to rile a princess? ...If you must know, it is those who cannot recognize my true identity. But it is no great loss, for solitude is the noble's lot, so long as I do not lose the nobility of my soul...
Noelle: I'm not a fussy eater. But I really don't like banquets... The reason being, as the maid I am expected to sample every single dish on the table to ensure its quality. Just one bite of each, of course, but it all adds up... Oh, the guilt...
Jean: Is that right...? Kaeya also gave you some suggestions. He is an excellent knight after all — this is a fact no one can deny.
Sucrose: I have such an abundant array of research materials now! To spend any more time on me would... would really be a waste of your time! At least... let me use my bio-alchemy to make you up some kind of gift!
Razor: You smell... *sniff* nice! Let's hunt.
Albedo: *sigh* It's gotten quiet outside...
Chongyun: Anything piping hot and laden with chilies is an absolute no-go for me. The mere thought of a Jueyun Chili gives me hot flashes.
Kaeya: Come on, let's get moving. We're not frozen in place, after all.
Razor: You smell kind. Do you like meat?
Xinyan: Me? Oh, I've got a guitar to maintain, tunes to rewrite... I mean, I just got offstage, there's no way I can sleep right now.
Qiqi: Hold my hand please. This wind could blow me away.
Kaeya: I can't believe that some people actually drink grape juice... if they had a little more patience, they would find that it ferments into the most exquisite wine. Hmph. So unromantic.
Sucrose: Happy Birthday! I've been running experiments for months, and finally, I can give you this potion. It will allow you to relive your most beautiful memories of the past year. I call it "Bio-potion No. 3916." Huh? No, no, not 3196, it's 3916!
Albedo: My Vision? Ah, that's nothing more than a tool to aid in my experiments, no different from a beaker or crucible. The one thing about it that really intrigues me is the principle behind how it works... One day, I will uncover its secrets, it's only a matter of time.
Fischl: Even one of royal blood finds oneself susceptible to drowsiness at this hour.
Xinyan: Not afraid of me, are you? Some folks say I've got eyes like knives, that I don't wear my clothes right, that I don't speak right. They give me a pretty wide berth, too. Really, can't a girl sport her own style without being looked at like she's some weird creature outta who-knows-where?
Ganyu: Xiangling is a celebrity! Um, but... I try to avoid her restaurant. Just... because. No reason. ...Okay, fine. It's not a big secret anyway. It's because you can smell her cooking all the way from the other end of the street. And once you get a whiff, I mean, that's it. You're gone. Next thing you know, you're ordering your second, maybe third round... You just can't control it. Even though I only eat the vegetarian dishes, I don't know what it is. But that is not a road I want to go down again... Not after...
Keqing: When your heart is set on something, you get closer to your goal with each passing day.
Jean: It's been ages since I had a pizza at Cat's Tail. If only they delivered...
Rosaria: Blessings from the Anemo Archon Barsibato? Wait... no, it's Bartobas...?
Bennett: I actually quite like cabbage. It's not much to look at, but you can't imagine a world without it. You can grow it anywhere, it goes with everything, and the flavor never gets in the way. I dunno, there's something... nice about being ordinary.
Rosaria: This will slow things down.
Venti: Hmm? You want to know about my Vision? Oh, go on then, take a look for yourself. I can make you a matching one if you like! Hehehe.
Diona: Ooooh, look at the little white snowflakes dancing in the wind, to and fro, and... whew, isn't it... beautiful! C'mon, c'mon c'mon, sit with me... Watch...
Lisa: When I taught Razor how to utilize Elemental Energy, I never expected him to master the technique so quickly. Come to think of it, you're talented too. Maybe I could teach you a few tricks...
Yanfei: Rain! Oh, Lord of Geo, please, do us a favor and clear this up at your earliest convenience... I submit that we cannot afford for the codices to get damp...
Klee: Razor's one of my best buddies! Whenever a disaster happens, he always knows the best way to fix it and helps keep Klee safe. Um, but most of the time I'm the one who caused the disaster...
Yanfei: The case before us... is a strange and unprecedented one indeed.
Barbara: Here you go! This is the gift I got for your birthday, along with my exclusive autograph! Hehe, when my next song comes out, I'll make sure you're the first one to hear it! Happy birthday!
Kaedehara Kazuha: The sounds of nature turn into a clamor of noise during stormy weather. It becomes a constant buzz in my ears. If it happens at night, I end up tossing and turning all night long without getting a wink of sleep. It's quite the headache...
Tartaglia: I am the least adept with a bow. And that is precisely why I must master it.
Eula: Quick, under the umbrella, or you'll get soaked! You can't risk catching a cold, because it might turn into something more serious, and if that happens... Well, I can't go avenging my clan by picking on the sick now, can I?
Lisa: Chances to practice should be left to you newcomers, no?
Chongyun: "Heart be pure, evil be erased. Mind be purged, world be..." Um... Ugh, I always forget that last part.
Amber: I love this kind of weather, ahh... so relaxing~
Zhongli: There was once a drink I used to enjoy with friends — long ago... Is it because the climate has changed? A shame I will never be able to relish in its smooth flavor again.
Beidou: Every time I return from a long journey and I see the lapis gledes, I'm reminded that I'm almost home. The scenery out on the open ocean gets familiar real quick. Sure, they're birds of prey, but seeing them fly so freely is heart-warming.
Mona: Ah yes, Alice's daughter. She's in the custody of the Knights of Favonius, and Albedo looks after her too. She's blessed to have Trifolium as her constellation, which represents good luck. I'm slightly envious... *smirk* Although, if I'd been blessed with good luck, I suppose I never would have had the great honor of running into that old woman, would I...
Xinyan: This rain ain't clearin' any time soon... but the show's still on, people!
Keqing: Never mince your words with me, okay? Yuheng's just a title. I'll not have you treading on eggshells around me just because of my status. Say what's on your mind, always — that's what makes you unique, and it's the thing I admire most about you.
Xinyan: Back when I was little, the adults all said I had to be more girly, that I should learn and study all these things. Wasn't ever any good at it, though, and I'd often get roasted bad. Rock 'n' roll's a different story. No-one ever taught me, but I can do it just fine. And of course, the adults say "that's unladylike!" *sigh* Talk about prejudice.
Ningguang: You can learn from me, and use Mora to make things a little easier on yourself. But remember, relationships built on Mora can only be relied on for a time. Hehe... And that is why I have never brought Mora into our relationship.
Diona: A cat's legs can climb even the tallest tree in all of Teyvat.
Ganyu: Ugh... I need a nap. If there aren't any urgent matters, I'll excuse myself...
Beidou: Ah! A cold beer after a hard day's work... Nothing like it!
Tartaglia: Comrade, how would you like to join the Fatui? ...Actually, scrap that. With your capabilities, you and I could head-to-head with the Eleven and win. Wouldn't want to miss an opportunity like that.
Qiqi: The wind is cool. I like it.
Ganyu: I cannot stand her disrespectful attitude towards Rex Lapis! But he says to me, "Ganyu, this is just the kind of person Liyue needs in this day and age." I guess I'm not smart enough, because I simply do not understand what he means by that. I think I need more life experience to become wise enough to comprehend his words.
Ganyu: I've had a long, hard think, and I've realized that so long as it's for a work-related matter, there's really nothing for me to be embarrassed about. So if you really need to understand me more... This, uh, hairpiece... it's actually my horns. That's right. I'm part illuminated beast, qilin to be exact. Okay so, now we've got that out the way... Please sign this non-disclosure agreement for me. And don't tell a soul.
Kaeya: My eye? My eye is fine. There's nothing unusual about hiding one's body parts from view. It's the same reason I wear pants... or any other item of clothing, for that matter.
Xiangling: I'm much better at cooking than navigating... but if you do go out, definitely take me with you!
Rosaria: This year's Dandelion Wine is sinfully good. Care for a glass?
Barbara: My companions keep getting injured, but I'm unable to share the burden of their pain. The only thing I can do is my absolute very best to heal their wounds! I'll make sure that everyone is healthy.
Xiao: Who's there? Oh... You think I sleep? You have no respect for the ways of the adepti.
Eula: I don't get along with some of the knights, and he doesn't think much of them in general, so you'd think that would make us allies. But the way he always acts so aloof — he's even worse than Acting Grand Master Jean. I want nothing to do with him.
Kamisato Ayaka: Troubles? Well, I mean... that's life, isn't it? There will always be things that don't go one's way. But I do not wish to worry those around me on account of things that are my concern alone... so, it is best if I keep them to myself.
Lisa: Albedo is quite the alchemist. Just say the word and he'll come up with a good solution. He's easy on the eyes too, just like you.
Tartaglia: However far away my motherland may be, we all live under the same sky. That snow-white moon... My family must be able to see it too. I hope my siblings are well... And I hope that they have turned out to be formidable warriors too.
Xingqiu: Good, the rain has stopped. Any longer and my books would have gotten wet.
Qiqi: I perform stretches regularly to help me maintain the same range of movement as a normal human being. But as soon as I stop doing them, the rigor mortis starts to set in again.
Amber: Can I get lunch with you?
Sucrose: I wonder... What is it that you do in your free time? Every time I get a break, I can never find anything to do, I just find myself staring off into space. Time goes by so quickly when I'm experimenting, so how is it that when I'm not doing anything the days all feel like years...
Ganyu: My hobby... I would say my job. What? Why don't jobs count as hobbies? I thought hobbies are supposed to be things you look forward to doing, and that make you feel good when you've done them? That describes my job perfectly. So what's the issue?
Chongyun: Xiangling's cooking is universally praised, but I personally don't touch any of her spicy dishes. Why? Oh, you know — just, uh... personal preference, that's all. I mean, come on, Mushroom Slime Stew... Does that sound appetizing to you?
Sucrose: You want to know more about me? You... must have an interest in bio-alchemy then? Whatever you ask, I will be sure to give you the most precise answer possible. Oh, it really is me specifically that you are interested in? I'm ahh... oh. I'm at a loss for words.
Sucrose: When I was little, I had two good friends - we kept nothing from each other. I thought I knew everything about them, but then... stuff happened, and we grew distant. As for where they are now, what they're doing, whether or not they remember me... I have no idea. Even though we were best friends, things still turned out this way.
Tartaglia: Varka? Just the thought of one day going head-to-head with him in combat, the fabled Knight of Boreas himself, titan of the Knights of Favonius... It makes me buzz with excitement. It's a beautiful life we live in this world.
Diluc: Diluc, of Mondstadt. Not interested in idle chit-chat. If you have things you want to get done, let me know.
Ningguang: Yanfei? I suppose you could say she's a dear rival of mine... Were she not so deft at explaining the meanders of the law and providing her clients with all sorts of cunning suggestions, it would take me many more months to identify existing loopholes in the legal codices and tighten them one by one.
Barbara: This weather is so amazing! I could burst into song.
Keqing: I feel I have grown immensely from my travels with you. If, one day, I finally manage to make my dreams a reality... I wonder, will you still be there by my side?
Mona: You want me to explain how astrology works? I'm not sure you'd understand even if I told you. But since you ask... The method I use is called hydromancy. The art of inferring fate from the illusory reflection of the stars on the water's surface. The inverted reflection in the water is an image of the heavens from within which the truth of our world can be observed. ...It is the one and only success story of that old lady's research endeavors.
Diluc: What lies in wait for us? I rarely stop to think about it. No matter what dares to stand in my way, I must press forward.
Hu Tao: Tonight the stars are dazzling and the moon majestic, it must be a special day... But just what day could it be... Haha, I know, I know! It's your birthday! It really is a great day.
Kaedehara Kazuha: The birdsong at daybreak is nature's gift to us. Let us go. Our journey begins anew.
Yanfei: You want legal advice from me? Sure. For legal opinions, I charge a flat rate of 6,000 Mora, for advisory services, my hourly rate is 180,000 Mora, and for commercial law, I charge 710,000 Mora per case — final quote and commission rate depending on the details of your case. Not a bad deal, right?
Bennett: Hey, wanna go talk to my dads for a bit? They tell the best adventure stories!
Klee: *sigh* You're a good person, but I'm a bad girl. Once I'm out of solitary confinement and am done reflecting on my actions, we can go play together again, okay?
Amber: My Vision... Is a sign that the Archons believe in me. Yes, I must become the best Outrider I can possibly be!
Rosaria: Everything is negotiable, except overtime.
Mona: As you are not from this world, I am unable to give you a prediction. All I can tell you is that your journey is far from over.
Kaedehara Kazuha: I am not particularly fond of food that is thrown together in a hurry without much care and attention. The way I see it, if your meal consists of a single fish, you should grill it to perfection. Eating is supposed to be an enjoyable experience, so how can we stand to be so slapdash about it?
Xiangling: My mentor did a good job teaching me spear fighting, don't you think? If you want, I could teach you too. Although... I'd much rather teach you my cooking, if you're interested! I want my recipes to spread all around Teyvat!
Bennett: Hahaha, you wish! Benny's Adventure Team has had no vacancies in ages... I mean, you must be spoiled for choice, right? Why'd you wanna join the unluckiest adventurer alive, anyway?
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: If one must reckon time as this world does, I, Fischl, have already seen three thousand winters. Not that the illusory passage of time has any bearing on one such as I, to whom the causality of three thousand universes has been unveiled.\nOz: Be that as it may, mein Fräulein. you are not yet considered to be of drinking age in this world, and no bartender can ever be convinced otherwise.
Tartaglia: There's far more to that man than meets the eye. As for the extent of his power... lots to look forward to, I think.
Tartaglia: I wonder what the rest of the Harbingers are up to? Plotting and scheming on an ever-grander scale, no doubt.
Xiao: We're wasting time. Let's go.
Diluc: I still have a lot to do at the Guild, how about you take a rest while I go back?
Xiao: I'm willing to protect you.But don't think about getting close, and stay out of my way, or all that awaits you is regret.
Xingqiu: I would say we are book buddies. Huh? Combat? Guhua Clan? Comrades in arms? ...What on earth are you talking about? I told you that's our little secret!
Ningguang: Seeing as it's you, there's no need to keep up the formalities. You can be a little more casual. But I still ask that you respect my time. If you have something to say, be concise — I have no time to waste.
Amber: I feel like running.
Eula: I heard that bard sing a few songs about the Lawrence Clan... They were lighthearted and funny stories that mocked the clan in a way I've never heard anyone else do. Even I couldn't help but burst out laughing... And for this, he must pay!
Kaedehara Kazuha: The wind has ceased... The world is silent, so now is the best time to rest well. See you tomorrow.
Klee: ♪Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear traveler, happy birthday to you!♪ You're older than me right? That means you've had way more birthdays than me... I'm sooo jealous!
Noelle: We take tea breaks together sometimes. Often she'll start humming a tune, saying inspiration has come to her. I'm not the right person to give useful feedback on anything musical... But I still love spending time with Barbara.
Diona: How, oh how can I make awful-tasting drinks...? I had high hopes for the soy sauce, milk, Jueyun Chili, and Dandelion Seed cocktail — my most nightmarish combination to date! But even that was met with praise at the tavern. "This is Little Diona's best drink yet..." Grr! But I won't give up...
Yanfei: A client? Very pleased to meet you, here's my card. I'm afraid I can't leave my desk today, if it's a dispute we're dealing with then please bring the relevant parties here to see me. Let me just give you a breakdown of my fees — one moment...Huh? You came just to chat? Uh... no fee necessary then. So just to clarify... you came to chat as friends with a legal expert that you've never met before... care to explain?
Diona: Here! I call this Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea, I just made it one day when I was bored... Huh, you say it's popular? People are lining up to buy it? Don't be ridiculous.
Mona: Which of the starry skies do these thunderbolts fall from?
Kaeya: Oh? Well, if you're concerned about keeping things professional... maybe you can find more use for me on the front lines. How 'bout it boss? Haha, just don't feel intimidated by what I can do.
Ningguang: I've always believed that children are the most naive and innocent. The reports they give me are of the most value. So, what about you? What will you have for me?
Venti: I'm still not sleepy, fancy an evening stroll?
Qiqi: What's going on?
Yanfei: The night market? Hmm... I was planning on organizing some files this evening, but if you're going, I can join you. Oh, I should mention — lots of vendors go for the hard sell in the evenings, because they want to be able to start with fresh produce the next day, but also don't want to lose profit on what they have left today.So, leave the negotiating to me. And... If you have any leftovers, those can be my fee.
Rosaria: Ugh, definitely skipping next month's choir concert, but I bet Sister Victoria will be personally taking roll... What a nuisance.
Kaedehara Kazuha: This scenery is wonderful... Surely enough to convince anyone to become a wanderer.
Diona: Without cat vision, will you be okay walking home in the dark? If you need me to escort you... What? Th—There's lights? Pff, well who said anything about escorting you? Go on now.
Yanfei: Studying the law allows one to have grounded conversations, whilst learning martial arts allows one to prevail against groundless violence. Hey, wait a minute... does this count as martial arts...?
Amber: At this speed, no-one can keep up with me!
Xingqiu: Great weather for practicing martial arts... But perfect weather for reading. Hey, what's that ridiculous look for? You look as if you're trying to decipher some strange text written on my forehead.
Xingqiu: I am most grateful for your company on my journey. I am proud of my achievements, both in the martial arts and in championing the cause so dear to my heart. ...Ah, I guess there's no need to euphemize any longer. Chivalry! That is the cause that inspires me, and that I seek to champion. Why should I shy away from it, I am sure my father and brother are under no illusion as to what I stand for by now. ...But of course, I still need to be somewhat discreet in the way I go about my business.
Jean: I am Jean, the Dandelion Knight, requesting approval to join your party. From this day onwards, my honor and loyalty lie with you.
Diona: My ears and tail are no prop, they're real. Proof of my Kätzlein bloodline. It's only weird to you cause you've never seen it before. Wh—Why are you looking at me like that? Fine. You can touch my ears for a second, but the tail is off limits!
Barbara: I want to heal everyone. This simple thought was all the motivation I needed to become a Deaconess. As long as I'm able to help everyone, I'll be content.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Ah, the ill-starred young man... My Auge der Verurteilung has seen with unmistakable clarity how his heart ails at being forsaken by the world—\nOz: Someone needs to keep an eye on the unlucky fellow.
Zhongli: Contracts cannot be used to define friendship, nor measure sentiment. So just what can we use to measure the weight of our emotions? Do you know the answer, friend?
Zhongli: Why is it that, once you finally get a break, rather than taking a rest, you instead come to me? Is it that you want to hear one of my stories?
Bennett: Noelle's someone I've been watching for a while. She's really talented, and extremely hardworking. But somehow she's still a maid– the Knights of Favonius still haven't made her a knight. It's a shame, don't you think? Boy, if she switched to the Adventurers' Guild, she'd easily be one of the best there is.
Tartaglia: Tell me, how has Mr. Zhongli been lately? Not bad, you say? Seems he's had no problem acclimating to "mortal" life. Hmph, he sure had me fooled. Such a fiasco mustn't be so easily forgiven! The only way to reconciliation is fierce combat! What do you mean I'm no match for him? Hahaha...
Keqing: That captain is always flouting the rules, and her personality really rubs people the wrong way. That said, The Crux Fleet is indispensable to Liyue Harbor. It's a bit of an art, knowing when to enforce the rules and when it's in everyone's interests to be more lenient. Thing is, the Tianquan is supposed to be the one enforcing the rules, but she always seems to be too busy...
Sucrose: The role of a scout is a hazardous one, and Ms. Eula throws herself into danger all too easily. So, I made a reconnaissance device for her, so that she wouldn't have to infiltrate enemy camps herself. But Ms. Eula has such an imposing manner, she really puts me on edge, and... I was so nervous that I accidentally left out a few important details while explaining how to use it... As a result, there was an accident... Ah, what should I do... I hope she won't hold a grudge against me...
Zhongli: This weather is no good for being on vacation. We should go and take in an opera.
Ganyu: Let's see... "I want to understand Ganyu better..." Wh—What sort of request is that!? I've never done this before... Um, um, um... Okay... I can ah... run you through my annual review from last year? That should bring you up to speed on me... No good? Oh, okay then...
Jean: Today I had no choice but to cut down five Ruin Guards to protect the people of our city... Ugh, I must continue working harder. Though hostile, destroying such precious artifacts is still a loss to us all. I must find a less destructive way to bring them down next time...
Beidou: ocked after completing "???"
Venti: *Yawn* That was a refreshing sleep. Ah, Traveler, we meet again! What? You don't remember me? Ahaha, well, allow me to join you on your quest once again. I must see to it that the bards of the world tell the Traveler's tales!
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Stormterror? Why, one never would have thought that a being that one might have kept as her pet could, in this world, be capable of causing such calamity. *sigh* Pitiable are the incompetents of this world...\nOz: That said, mein Fräulein, were you not beside yourself with worry for everyone's safety during said calamity?\nFischl: T-That is because the Prinzessin der Verurteilung has the solemn duty to safeguard the souls of all, be they petty beings or not...
Kaeya: Leaving already? See you next time then, don't make me wait too long though.
Noelle: He's asked me to join the Adventurer's Guild more than a few times, saying that life there would suit me better than with the Knights of Favonius. While I could help him take care of his "dads" like the other adventurers. the Knights hold a special meaning for me, and I'm not ready to give up on becoming one yet. No, I simply cannot accept his offer.
Barbara: Aw, thank you so much for your support! Oh no, I'm too excited, my heart just can't stop racing!
Amber: Baron Bunny, today is another squeaky clean day!
Keqing: Don't worry, snowfall on this scale is no impediment. We can keep moving.
Kaeya: Lonely? Me? Not with someone here nagging me all the time, that's for sure.
Diona: A cat's ears can hear even the softest footsteps on the ground.
Klee: Sure, time in solitary confinement gives lots of time to think about new gunpowder formulas... But it'd still be better to not be in solitary in the first place.
Qiqi: Warm. Fake smile. Death. I despise Hu Tao.
Eula: The Knights of Favonius are actually fairly reasonable, at the very least they reward merit and not social status. The reason they invited me to join their ranks is because I'd sparred with some of their crack troops and won through my own sheer skill. Being an insider in the organization will make getting revenge much easier, as it removes many of life's complications, so what's not to love?
Yanfei: Ganyu is kind and thoughtful, it's just a shame she's so busy all the time. Most of the time, she's buried in an endless pile of paperwork — the only exception being her nap at noon. Don't get me wrong, I have to put in some hours at work, too. But I'm happy with the job I've chosen, and it's certainly a lot less taxing than hers.
Keqing: It's great that the quality of life in Liyue is improving for everyone. But one downside is the growing number of people who are happy to reap the rewards without doing their fair share of the work. The Liyue Qixing did not put in all this effort to create a more prosperous society just so people like them can loaf around.
Razor: Razor doesn't know poems, but... lupical likes them.
Xiao: Many mortals fear lightning... Incomprehensible. Fear of something so common.
Hu Tao: *sigh* I gotta find something fun to do... Sitting around doing nothing is a fate worse than death.
Xiao: Wait. I am expected to place slices of meat in wrappings myself? And then... eat them? Together? Ugh, humans these days do not know what they are doing.
Hu Tao: Lemme show you some fire tricks. First... Fire! And then... Whoosh! Fire butterfly! Be free!
Xinyan: Say, do you notice anything different 'bout me today? I did some facial massages to relax my mouth and eyes, and practiced smiling less broadly in front of a mirror for half an hour. So, how'd it go? Do I look a bit less fierce than usual? ...Even scarier? Huh, okay...
Tartaglia: I once ventured deep into the abyss and came face to face with an enormous beast. I don't know its name, all I know is the sight of it chilled me to the bone. But mark my words, one day I will march back in there and behead that beast, and you, comrade, will be my witness!
Xinyan: Tell you a secret — but you gotta keep it that way, you hear? She's real fond of rock 'n' roll. Comes to watch me at least three times a week no matter how packed her schedule is. You'd think that the head of Heyu Tea House's troupe would be into finer arts and all, eh? But I guess it gets suffocating after a while. Haha.
Eula: Amber's someone who thinks for herself. On the day I first joined the Knights, she cleaned my dormitory and gave me a tour of the headquarters, and she's helped me with a myriad of other things in the time since. Now, everyone looks at me like the older sibling who needs the younger sibling to do everything for them! Hmph. For this, she must pay!
Xingqiu: I always have to put on an act around other people, because they see me only as the second son of the Feiyun Commerce Guild. It's a relief that I can just be myself around you. I think it's because you don't see me in the same way.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: The magus-custodian of books, gatekeeper of universal knowledge... Win her trust, and one may yet get access to a vast repository of wisdom.\nOz: She means as long as you return your first few library books on time, you'll never have any trouble borrowing a book again.
Venti: The darling Deaconess with the sweet singing voice — do you know her? You do? Idol, huh? Meet and greets? Concerts? Wow... That's the power of music for you...
Yanfei: Oh! On that note, let me recommend my one true love. Tofu — tofu all the way! Light in flavor, tender in texture, not to mention smooth and nourishing. It goes well with all manner of soups and dishes, and more importantly — it's available throughout the seasons! Beauty over complexity... tofu dishes are my kind of flavor.
Kaeya: Klee. Seems she has failed to elude the Acting Grand Master's investigative skills, despite the pointers I gave her... Haha, I'm kidding, no need to go reporting me or anything.
Lisa: Last time little Klee wanted to use my workshop for her experiments, I had to say no, and she was angry at me for the rest of the day. *sigh* What happened the next day, you ask? She went off happily to play outside of course.
Keqing: Since Rex Lapis left us, the question of Liyue's future has been on my mind constantly. In addition to reviewing his own past deeds, I've been researching the other archons' modes of governance, too. Mondstadt's god is the one who baffles me the most though — how exactly do any of his actions contribute to the longevity of Mondstadt? It's completely beyond me.
Ningguang: That... captain. She clearly receives the adoration of many, but will always be the first to disregard the rules. The fines she has paid would be enough to buy her a whole new ship...
Barbara: Morning~ Let's do our best today.
Hu Tao: One client, two clients, three clients!
Tartaglia: Happy birthday, comrade! Anyone you need knocked off their perch today? Let me know. I'll happily oblige...
Qiqi: I am Qiqi. I am a zombie. And I forgot what comes next.
Klee: Dear Anemo God, please make Klee's bombs blow in the right direction and only blow up bad guys. The end.
Xingqiu: Oh my goodness... Oh my gosh... Wow— Huh? "All will be revealed in the next volume"? Aw, drat...
Noelle: Such fair weather. Why don't we do a bit of sunny work? Oh, what sort of work is that, you ask? Haha, well, anything that makes you feel bright and sunny too.
Hu Tao: When the sun's out, bathe in sunlight. But when the moon's out, bathe in moonlight~
Kaedehara Kazuha: My blade grows keener.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: One finds Sister Rosaria to be a most devout believer in the Anemo Archon.\nOz: ..."Devout believer," mein Fräulein?\nFischl: Indeed! One night, I heard her invoking the name of the Archon thus in another's presence: "May you be struck down in the name of Lord Bartabos!" One presumed that she was leading a prayer.
Chongyun: The Conqueror of Demons himself has defended Liyue side-by-side with we exorcists for generations, day after day, night after night. I have the utmost respect for Adeptus Xiao. It's just... Why must he be so disparaging toward us? He says our repertoire is lacking and our power is trivial. I'm sorry, but I just can't accept that.
Chongyun: Martial arts and thaumaturgy are alike in that there are always new dimensions to explore. Thanks to your guidance, I can see myself making progress.
Eula: The life of a Lawrence doesn't include much worth talking about... Basically, whatever you say, whatever you do, people will always despise you and treat you like a potential threat to society. It's nowhere near as bad as it used to be, though. Before I'd joined the Knights, good grief... I couldn't even buy groceries. Even Good Hunter and Mondstadt General Goods wouldn't take my money. I literally had to go out and hunt my own food and cook it over a campfire if I wanted to eat dinner.
Qiqi: Let's go somewhere cooler.
Xiao: Do not fall prey to the darkness. I have no mercy.Though perhaps you can stand your ground alone.
Bennett: Thanks to your help, I should finally be able to keep everyone safe now. Hopefully, people's opinions of me will start to change. Once the unluckiest guy alive, with a million cuts and bruises to show it, now, a dependable adventurer at long last! Heh...well... I can hope.
Ningguang: These are some of Liyue's finest brocades, woven from silk flowers. This one is for you, and this one... I hope that someday soon, you will be able to give it to your sister and I hope that she'll like it. I wish you both a happy birthday.
Bennett: I'm catching up with you, Traveler! One step at a time.
Lisa: I'm not lazy, I just know to save my energy for when I need it most.
Jean: I shoulder the knights' trust and the people's hope. It is for this reason, I must stay vigilant.
Qiqi: One, two, three, four. Two, two, three, four...
Sucrose: My Vision is my most important research tool. Hmm? Why without it I'd be unable to proceed with most of my research. Combat? Oh, I suppose I use it for that too when I'm out in the field looking for materials.
Xingqiu: You feel inspired, you say? You want to write a martial arts detective novel based on our adventures together? And you want to call it the "Chronicles of Wanwen"? Hahaha... It's a good idea, it really is. But I'll have to decline, I'm sorry. Yes, really...
Ganyu: "Where merchants flock and all ships dock, and over the oceans flows its stock." People say this in praise of Liyue's prosperity. But a city only becomes this successful through everyone playing their part diligently. That's the attitude I take to my work — I want to be worthy of what we enjoy here.
Qiqi: In the past, I did not understand the idea of becoming stronger than I already was. Now that I understand it well, I wish I was just a little stronger still.
Barbara: Oh, Master Diluc? Last time, when I was performing at Angel's Share, he kept frowning... Maybe he doesn't like my singing?
Sucrose: She really seems to know a great deal. She's obviously never seen my research, and yet on so many occasions she's given me advice on what is core to my studies. Just how does she know? Is it observation, or is it ratiocination?
Zhongli: If you're heading to Jueyun Karst, please bring me back a bunch of Qingxin. Just one bunch is enough. Travel expenses... Ah, I almost forgot, during the effective period of our contract, travel expenses are to be paid for by yourself. Sorry to bother you.
Klee: At the Knights of Favonius building, you're not allowed to blow up the walls. Shame, it would make getting out of solitary confinement way easier... but if I did so much as try to blow up the wall, Jean would make sure Klee never sees the light of day again. That's what Jean said, Kaeya told me.
Sucrose: I'm curious to know about your background. I was wondering... could I perhaps... observe you for a while. I'll be silent, and I won't interfere with what you're doing. Would... that be okay?
Sucrose: I... um... really don't know how to act around new people. Everyone's personality is different, as are the things they care about. If I slip up and say the wrong thing I'll offend someone, or sound impolite... Talking is hard, so much harder than alchemy.
Mona: Astrologers must rid themselves of material desires. Only by ridding oneself of clutter can one see the true world around them.
Tartaglia: Morning, comrade! You're raring to go today, I see.
Venti: Come on Traveler, let's go! The world is full of lost ballads just waiting to be rediscovered.
Xinyan: Y'know, the Millelith used to get in my way all the time. Can't set up a stage here, can't perform there. Real bother, it was... Ahem. But after I wrote to the Ministry of Civil Affairs, I heard that the Tianquan amended one of Liyue's... Uh, some rule or something. She designated some spots for performances to take place, so long as you apply. *sigh* It's still a load of trouble if you ask me, but it's better than being harangued by those Millelith every time, so...
Beidou: Yo, good morning. I'm about to head off, coming with me?
Tartaglia: You look well. What's your secret? Care to exchange notes?
Beidou: A prime example! It is an honor to have you aboard. I need to keep up if I'm to keep the respect of my crew.
Ningguang: Sure. Go rest. If anything important comes up, I will be sure to send for you.
Eula: The alchemist... She once gave me a piece of equipment and told me it would help me infiltrate an Abyss Order camp undetected. In reality, it caused a huge explosion that completely blew my cover and before I knew it I was being accosted by 13 mitachurls... Afterwards, I marched straight back there, intending to make her pay for what she had done, but when I saw how panicked and sheepish she looked, and watched her post her results on the wall with the word "Fail," I couldn't bring myself to go through with it... After all, I didn't get hurt, just a little disheveled... and a little humiliated.
Kaedehara Kazuha: I like frank people, because we can freely speak our minds to one another. There is no need to hide anything that you wish to say. I hear the voices of all things in nature, and that includes yours.
Albedo: Even now, I find the nigredo processing stage of alchemy passed down by my master to be full of mystery. What did my master want to create using this technique...? My research is far from over, I will require your help to investigate further.
Keqing: I am Keqing, Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. We live in an era of change, as the old order that has existed for a thousand years is about to be rewritten. Join me. Let us bear witness to this historical moment together.
Tartaglia: The wind permeates all, cleansing both mind and body. Excellent.
Diluc: The darkness that seethes with evil, full of demons that must be vanquished... will take more than a blade to be torn asunder.
Xinyan: With such power, who knows what never-before-seen bangers I'll be able to come up with? Thanks so much! My next work won't disappoint!
Bennett: Meat! Meat is the best sustenance there is. Chicken-Mushroom Skewers, Steaks, and Sweet Madames are all my specialties. You won't go hungry if you come adventuring with me, that's for sure!
Barbara: Whoa!
Xiao: Liyue is changing. Rapidly... Forget it, it means nothing to me.
Chongyun: With all the secrets arts that I have learned, my goal of banishing all evil from the world is finally in view. I will never forget how much you have done for me. Maybe now I even have what it takes to face the flames of my positive energy, and see if I can take the heat.
Diluc: Kaeya? You can only trust half of what he says... at best.
Hu Tao: Yoh, now why might you be looking for me, hm? Oh, you didn't know? I'm the 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, Hu Tao. Though by the looks of you... Radiant glow, healthy posture... Yes, you're definitely here for something other than that which falls within my regular line of work, aren't you?
Yanfei: Sometimes the law is compatible with human nature, but sometimes the two conflict. Balancing the two is a discipline in its own right...
Ganyu: I don't understand why people insist on going all out to try and prove how their existence is more valuable than everyone else's. To exist in the first place is a beautiful thing, and that's enough... isn't it?
Barbara: We had a great day today! Get some rest.
Xiangling: As my mentor always says: "To make a five-star dish, you need ten-star passion!" I know, I know! To be able to come this far is definitely thanks to your ten-star passion when it comes to practicing with me, so I'll be sure to pay you back with two-no, three times the passion!
Tartaglia: Ho, I feel like I've gotten stronger! Now, who shall I use as my guinea pig...
Qiqi: I may be a corpse, but I am in much better physical condition than Dr. Baizhu.
Noelle: Since you're always so busy adventuring, there must be so many little things you never get round to, surely? Well, you need not worry about them adding up, because today, I am all yours - your exclusive maid for the entire day! Just leave it all to me! ...Also, I'd like to take this opportunity to wish you a very happy birthday!
Diona: I like, no, LOVE to eat fish! The fish Daddy cooks is the best, a purrfect main course! ...But eating fish as drunk food, that's absolute blasphemy!
Xingqiu: You will find me in the same place as ever tomorrow. So I'll see you then. Unless you manage to get lost on the way.
Jean: "Dandelion, Dandelion, ride the wind to a faraway land." Who knows, the wind might take it all the way to Celestia.
Eula: I like making my own treats. Not always your typical sweet treats, though. For example, a Chilled Tomato and Aspic Jelly Egg Roll pairs very nicely with an ice-cold glass of Berry & Mint Punch. The most important thing is that they leave the people who like eating them with big smiles on their faces.
Amber: Albedo spends most of his time in his workshop, tinkering away with all of his awesome stuff. But, when you see him in person, you never can quite tell what he's thinking... Who knows what goes on in that mind of his...
Mona: Kaeya Alberich? He's a Pavo Ocellus. Destined for greatness and grandeur... and to hide ugly realities behind a layer of charm and elegance. He believes he has made a clean break with his past, but one day fate will catch up with him. When it does, he will have a major decision to make.
Xiangling: I've come across a lot of fussy eaters, but Mr. Zhongli is very particular and has no problem getting straight to what he has to say. The first time I served him salt and pepper tofu, he took just one bite, and then proceeded to say: "It would be better to try sea salt extracted from the shallow seas of Guyun Stone Forest, because it would bring a fresh sense of depth to the tofu." I tried it and the taste was just so different! He's just amazing, don't you think!?
Amber: You wanna know about Noelle? She's super resilient. Still, since she's younger than us we should still look out for her.
Jean: Master Diluc has his reasons for being so critical of the Knights of Favonius. I am not proud of the way things went, but I cannot change the past. All I can do is keep working hard, in the hope he may one day see us in a better light... This is my duty.
Xinyan: I believe in rock 'n' roll's spirit of resistance, but I don't think it means that I have to go around shoving it in people's faces. I'm perfectly capable of living normally. I can sew, I can grow flowers and keep fish, and make nice-looking meals. I'm allowed to like anything... or anyone I want, right?
Venti: Practice? Me? There's no need - I already know every song in Teyvat!
Xinyan: If there's fire in your soul, you gotta rock 'n' roll. So c'mon! Let's get movin'!
Kaeya: The title of Cavalry Captain is nothing to get excited about. Now that I think about it, the Grand Master took all the cavalry from Mondstadt so there's none left for me to captain... Heh.
Albedo: Master...
Xinyan: Hmm... How do we attract more folks in this weather? Right! How about we stage a rock 'till you drop snowstorm endurance challenge?
Tartaglia: It's been years since I last saw my master. I should hope that next we meet, I'll at least be able to force her to use both hands to beat me...
Xingqiu: Had I no moral compass, my efforts would have been misguided. Doomed to grasp at shadows while missing the substance, I would have become a philistine that seeks only violence.
Noelle: I cannot rest on my laurels. After all, I'm not even formally a knight yet. Until that day, I must work even harder.
Keqing: That indulgent feeling of being spoilt for choice between countless different varieties... That, to me, is the appeal of shopping.
Yanfei: These antlers? Oh... well my father is an adeptus, so I have adeptus blood myself. Still, I was born during peacetime here in Liyue — I never signed a contract with Rex Lapis. Naturally, I don't have to concern myself with adeptal affairs — I'm free to focus on the life I want to live. Works for me! Hee-hee.
Klee: Mondstadt's basses are delicious, especially the ones you grab yourself from Cider Lake! I'm not even kidding, even my mom thinks so.
Xiangling: Is Hu Tao picking on you too? Ugh, that prankster always waits till I least expect it, creeps up on me from behind and then... Boo! ...then laughs herself silly. Hmph. But I can handle it, and she does bring me fermented plum blossoms once in a while so I can make flower cakes... so I don't hold a grudge.
Qiqi: I don't know why, but high temperatures make me feel rotten and disgusting. And closer to death.
Hu Tao: ♪Silly-churl, billy-churl, silly-billy hilichurl. Frilly-churl, willy-churl, frilly-willy hilichurl♪ Ah, hehe...
Hu Tao: I hear master Xingqiu is writing a book? Standard novella, or a ghost story? I think I should go tell him about all the things I run into — that'd make for a really good read!
Xiao: If a day comes where even you are taken by the darkness, it will be up to me. Do not fall prey to the darkness, I have no mercy...
Tartaglia: Haha, ahh... could it be snowing in Snezhnaya too?
Albedo: Oh, Xingqiu? I find his written works quite interesting. The Yae Publishing House in Inazuma has been asking that I cooperate with a different author for greater royalties. Hmph, do I seem the type to be swayed by a few extra Mora?
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Hm-hm. A wonderful sight indeed. Why, it reminds me of my home world, where at the sight of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, the very blood and tears of sinners turn to ice! ...Atchoo! Atchoo!\nOz: Not only their blood and tears, but also their saliva and mucus, mein Fräulein.\nFischl: Oz— Ahh—Atchoo!!!
Xiangling: It's been a month and I still haven't sold a single bowl of Mushroom Slime Stew. Gee, is it just because it looks sticky and gooey? It's their loss if they don't have a spoonful...
Fischl: I hear the voice of fate, speaking my name in humble supplication...
Venti: My tummy is rumbling, but I can't get caught pilfering food from the Dawn Winery again... Oh, it's you! Where are you heading? May I join?
Kaeya: Today is a day worth celebrating, I hope this day can bring you true happiness.
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: Aha, yes, Mona, the mighty astrologer... Mona, who once had the vanity to probe the fate of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung herself! She wound up a trembling wreck, overborne and overmastered.\nOz: *whispering* The poor lass was trying desperately not to laugh. It was no easy task.
Chongyun: I like listening to Tea Master Liu's stories. His narration really brings the hair-raising tales of the supernatural to life. Why not come with me sometime?
Xinyan: The lunch down at the Liyue dockyards rocks! Oily, meaty... Bit skimpy on the vegetables, but I could never get tired of it! Far as I'm concerned, a whole day in the dockyards is worth it just for the lunch!
Bennett: Don't stand too close to me, or you might get hit by lightning too.
Amber: Hey, there's something strange over there... C'mon, let's take a look!
Fischl and Oz: Fischl: My magic arrow cries out my holy name as it streaks through the night, praying that the violet lightning of retribution shall strike the enemies of fate down from the skies!\nOz: Quite awe-inspiring, mein Fräulein! Since it's nearly dinner time, perhaps you might shoot a pigeon down while you're at it?
Diona: You wouldn't ask me to meow like a cat, like those boozehounds at the tavern do, would you? I wouldn't do it, no way! I'm not some little house pet that just shakes my ears real cute and stretches my back! I'm... I'm Diona, Destroyer of the Wine Industry!
Klee: Hee-hee, you're an Honorary Knight but I've been a Spark Knight longer... That means I'm higher up than you, right? So you have to do what I say! So, um... Ca-Can you not say anything about the big disaster I caused? It was an accident...
Albedo: Jean? She has served exceptionally well as Acting Grand Master, one can even say she is more reliable than Grand Master Varka. Perhaps in our hearts, we all eagerly await the day she can become the official Grand Master herself.
Venti: Sure, I'll play you another tune, but it'll cost you an apple.
Lisa: I like making my own vegetable soup. I put a big bunch of vegetables into a cauldron and stir it with a long spoon. What does it taste like? Here, why don't you try it for yourself. Open wide!
Xingqiu: May this day of your birth be filled with much mirth!
Bennett: Oh yeah, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung from the world beyond! She's amazing. I keep asking her if we can go adventuring in her home world together, but each time I bring it up she sort of avoids the topic... She's probably just worried about my safety. Her home world sounds like a dangerous place, for sure.
Yanfei: Only by adhering to the law can the people solve life's myriad of problems.
Xingqiu: If my calculations are correct, Wanwen Bookhouse is due to receive a batch of new releases today. Might we add a small detour to our adventure?
Xiao: Hiding? I'm hiding nothing. I just won't speak of desire to others.Do mortals not have a rule about spoken wishes never coming true? Hm? What do you mean that's not the same?
Eula: Our feud is for the long term, so rather than get payback on a piecemeal basis, I think I'll make things easier for myself and wait for a day when I can settle the score once and for all. It could be in ten years, could even be twenty... But don't worry, I won't forget. In the meantime, I'll need you to take good care of yourself and have a happy, healthy life, okay?
Bennett: You can't really afford to be picky as an adventurer. That said, I can't really handle spicy food. I find it hard to breathe after eating Jueyun Chilis, like the spice went right into my lungs. And there's no avoiding the diarrhea afterward... It's the devil's fruit, I say. Who knows where it came from?
Xingqiu: Morning! The morn hours are precious, spend them on that which matters to you.