UNKNOWN: By 1899, the age of outlaws and gunslingers was at an end. America was becoming a land of laws… Even the west had mostly been tamed. A few gangs still roamed but they were being hunted down and destroyed.
Hosea Matthews: What are we gonna do? We need supplies.
Dutch van der Linde: Well, first of all you’re gonna stay here… and you are gonna get yourself warm. Now, I sent John and Micah scouting out ahead. Arthur and I, we’re gonna ride out see if we can find one of ’em.
Arthur Morgan: In this?
Dutch van der Linde: Just for a short bit… I don’t see what other choice we have. Listen… listen to me all of you, for a moment. Now, we’ve had… well, a bad couple of days. I loved Davey… Jenny… Sean, Mac… they may be okay, we don’t know. But we lost some folks. Now, if I could… throw myself in the ground in their stead… I’d do it… gladly. But… we’re gonna ride out… and we are gonna find some food. Everybody, we’re safe now. There ain’t nobody following us through a storm like this one… and by the time they get here… well we’re gonna be… we’re gonna be long gone. We’ve been through worse than this before. Mr. Pearson… Miss Grimshaw… I need you to turn this place into a camp. We may be here for a few days. Now all of you… all of you… get yourselves warm. Stay strong. Stay with me. We ain’t done yet! Come on, Arthur.
Susan Grimshaw: Alright, we’ve got some work to do.
Charles Smith: Hey! You need horses?
Dutch van der Linde: Oh yeah… and Mr. Smith, get yourself indoors. You need to rest that hand.
Charles Smith: I’ll live.
Dutch van der Linde: Get indoors, son! I… we need you strong.
Charles Smith: Okay.
Dutch van der Linde: Alright. Let’s head out.
Arthur Morgan: Ain’t sure what we’re gonna find out here, Dutch.
Dutch van der Linde: We have to try. Stay close, we’ll do our best to stick to the trail.
Arthur Morgan: This goddamn weather.
Dutch van der Linde: Been two days or more like this now. Oh, it has to blow over soon. Bridge coming up, take it easy. Hey, move up alongside me. Can’t see you back there.
Arthur Morgan: Can’t believe we lost Davey too.
Dutch van der Linde: He’s the last one, Arthur. No more. We need to get those people warm and fed.
Arthur Morgan: Least we don’t need to worry about Pinkertons tailing us in this.
Dutch van der Linde: A couple more days, we’ll be on the other side. You need to help me pick the others back up. You’re the only one I can rely on to stay strong right now.
Arthur Morgan: We got fire and shelter, that’s a start. And what about the money? Please tell me you at least got the money before it all went to hell on that boat?
Dutch van der Linde: We did… it’s stashed with the rest of the money in town. It’ll be safe for now… but we sure can’t go back there to collect it any time soon. Hey, I think I see something up the path.
Dutch van der Linde: You up ahead! Who’s there? Micah.
Micah Bell: Gentlemen.
Dutch van der Linde: Found anything?
Micah Bell: I think so. Found a little homestead down thataway.
Dutch van der Linde: Okay. Anyone home?
Micah Bell: Sure. Place is blazing with light and noise. Sounded like a party.
Dutch van der Linde: Let’s go see.
Micah Bell: Follow me. How’s Davey doing?
Dutch van der Linde: Ah, he didn’t make it. Nor did little Jenny.
Micah Bell: That’s too bad. Davey was a real fighter. Both of them Callander boys is, or… was.
Dutch van der Linde: Yeah.
Micah Bell: And Mac and Sean?
Dutch van der Linde: We don’t know.
Micah Bell: Quite a business…
Dutch van der Linde: I’m glad you’re alright, Micah.
Micah Bell: Always.
Arthur Morgan: Ask him if he’s seen John.
Dutch van der Linde: Hey, have you seen John, Micah?
Micah Bell: Didn’t see much of anything once this storm came in.
Dutch van der Linde: He hasn’t seen him.
Arthur Morgan: He’ll be fine. Things always turn out right for that boy.
Dutch van der Linde: I hope… Mac and Sean are still out there somewhere too. Move up, Arthur, I’ll cover the rear.
Arthur Morgan: You run into anybody else?
Micah Bell: I-I reckon we’re the only ones crazy enough to be out in this, Morgan.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, well don’t talk to me about crazy.
Micah Bell: Oh, so no "Glad you’re alright, I was worried, Micah"? Look, it’s all gonna work out, Morgan. We lost a few folks, but that’s just how it goes sometimes.
Arthur Morgan: I’m glad you’re feeling so good about it.
Micah Bell: Where are all the others?
Arthur Morgan: Old mining camp, back up the hill. It ain’t much but it’s shelter. So, this house… you speak to the people there already?
Micah Bell: No, like Dutch told us… look, but don’t talk to no one. Just following orders, you know me.
Arthur Morgan: Right… How much further?
Micah Bell: Not far.
Arthur Morgan: What does that mean?
Micah Bell: Not far.
Arthur Morgan: Thanks. Oh, goddamn this snow. Gets right to the bone.
Micah Bell: Okay, let’s keep it down now, gentlemen. It’s just up ahead.
Dutch van der Linde: Snuff and stash those lanterns, boys. Best you two lie low on this. Okay… let’s head down there. Let me handle this, we don’t wanna spook these fine people.
Dutch van der Linde: Hello?
Voice from the cabin: Shut up, Billy. Shh, shh, shh!
Dutch van der Linde: Excuse me? Hello? Oh well, hello friend.
Man from the Cabin: What you want?
Dutch van der Linde: I am very sorry to disturb you. Uh, my friends and I, well we got into, some… trouble up the way. Lost in the storm. Ah, gentlemen.
Man from the Cabin: We can’t help you, mister.
Micah Bell: Arthur… Arthur, we got a problem. There’s a corpse right here. Arthur… There’s a body in the wagon.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, I hear you, just… keep your eyes on Dutch.
Man from the Cabin: I think you should go now, buddy.
Dutch van der Linde: Now, friend… I ain’t asking for much. Please, I am… kinda desperate.
Arthur Morgan: Sneaky little bastard… should I kill him?
Dutch van der Linde: No… Not yet… Find out what they’re doing here, and where Colm is.
Arthur Morgan: Oh, this son of a bitch’ll talk… Where’s Colm O’Driscoll?
O’Driscoll: With the others… at an old mining camp southwest of here, near the lake.
Arthur Morgan: What are you bastards doing? Why are you up here?
O’Driscoll: We’re fixing to rob some train, gonna blow the tracks. I don’t know more than that, I swear!
Dutch van der Linde: Well, I would say it looks like you have this, Arthur. Do what you want with him, I don’t care. But bring that horse when you’re done.
O’Driscoll: I don’t know anything else… Please…
Dutch van der Linde: Oh, you fool, Micah. Miss, now it is gonna be okay. We mean you no harm. Miss! Miss… Come on, it’ll be okay. We need to get out of here, and quick. Come on now.
Dutch van der Linde: You okay, miss?
Girl: They came three days ago… and my husband, they…
Dutch van der Linde: Okay, miss. You are safe now… and you can’t stay here. You come with us. Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Miss, it’s okay, alright? We’re bad men, but… We ain’t them, so… it’s okay.
Lenny Summers: Hey, somebody’s coming! Looks like it’s Dutch. Hey everybody, Dutch is back.
Hosea Matthews: How’d you get on?
Dutch van der Linde: Micah found a homestead, but… he weren’t the first. Colm O’Driscoll and his scum, they beat us to it. We found some of them there… but there is more about apparently… scouting a train. Thank you.
Hosea Matthews: That’s the last thing we need right now, Dutch.
Dutch van der Linde: Well, it is what it is… but we found some supplies, some blankets… a little bit of food… and this poor soul, Mrs. Adler. Miss Tilly, Miss Karen, would you warm her up… give her a drink of something. And Mrs. Adler, it’s gonna be okay… you’re safe now. They turned her into a widow… animals. I need some rest. I haven’t slept in three days.
Susan Grimshaw: You’re over here… Miss O’Shea will show you the way. Mr. Morgan, we put you in a room over here.
Arthur Morgan: Thank you, Miss Grimshaw.
Susan Grimshaw: Mr. Bell, you’re with the fellers over there.
Micah Bell: How come Arthur gets a room… and I get a bunk bed next to Bill Williamson… and a bunch of darkies?
Hosea Matthews: Get yourself to bed.
Abigail Marston: He ain’t been seen in days. The weather ain’t let up. He’s strong and he’s smart. Strong at least. Hello, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Abigail.
Abigail Marston: Arthur… how you doing?
Arthur Morgan: Just fine, Abigail… and you?
Abigail Marston: I need you to… I-I’m sorry, I’m sorry to ask but…
Arthur Morgan: It’s little John… he’s got himself caught into a scrape again.
Abigail Marston: He ain’t been seen in two…. two days.
Arthur Morgan: Your John’ll be fine. I mean… he may be as dumb as rocks and as dull as rusted iron… but that ain’t changing because… he got caught in some snowstorm.
Hosea Matthews: At least go take a look. Javier?
Javier Escuella: Yes?
Hosea Matthews: Javier, will you ride out with Arthur… to take a look for John? You’re the two best fit men we’ve got.
Javier Escuella: Now?
Hosea Matthews: She’s… we’re all… we’re pretty worried about him.
Javier Escuella: I know if the situation were reversed and… he’d look for me.
Muffled voice: Hey! Help! Here!
Javier Escuella: Come on… up there!
Muffled voice: Hello? Over here!
Javier Escuella: It’s coming from up ahead somewhere.
Arthur Morgan: I don’t think we can go much further on the horses. We’ll have to walk from here.
Javier Escuella: I’d grab that shotgun from your horse. Who knows what’s up ahead. Careful here.
Arthur Morgan: You sure about this?
Distant voice: Over here! Help!
Javier Escuella: It’s coming from this way.
Arthur Morgan: Okay…
Javier Escuella: Mierda , we’re high up here.
Arthur Morgan: You’re telling me.
Distant voice: Help me!
Javier Escuella: Drops down here, watch yourself. Watch out here. Watch your head here. Okay from here. Watch your step, this is real slippery. Stay close to the wall. Up here, come on.
Distant voice: Hey! Over here!
Javier Escuella: That sounds closer now. Come on. We’re coming, John!
Arthur Morgan: Damn it’s cold.
Javier Escuella: How you doing?
Arthur Morgan: I’m miserable. Been a tough few days.
Javier Escuella: I know… Here… take a drink of this.
Arthur Morgan: Thanks.
Javier Escuella: I’m not designed for this snow… Let’s keep moving then, come on. John, where are you? John, you there? John! John, can you hear me?
Arthur Morgan: Marston!
John Marston: I’m here! Out on the ledge!
Javier Escuella: That’s John! We’re coming!
John Marston: Hey!
Javier Escuella: He’s down here.
John Marston: Over here!
Arthur Morgan: Alright. Pipe down, Marston!
Javier Escuella: Ok. Here we go, John. We’ll leave them to Arthur. You got ’em all. Good work, Arthur. Okay, let’s get going, before any more of these bastards show up. Come on then, let’s get back to the others.
John Marston: I don’t feel too good.
Javier Escuella: You’ll be fine. It’s just like a… a dog bite.
John Marston: I knew a feller, got bit by a dog. Died an hour later.
Javier Escuella: You ain’t gonna die. Not yet. Up there, more of ’em!
Javier Escuella: Come on! Someone help John down off this horse.
Arthur Morgan: Can we get some help? We need some help here!
Javier Escuella: C’mon, help him down.
Abigail Marston: You’re alive! Oh you’re alive!
Javier Escuella: C’mon, here we go. There we go. Ay, careful idiotas, it’s his leg.
Abigail Marston: Come on, let’s get you warm. Thank you. Thank you both. This is a new low, even by your standards.
Hosea Matthews: Thank you, Arthur. Thank you.
Javier Escuella: You got any other lost maidens need saving?
Hosea Matthews: Not today.
Dutch van der Linde: Stop it! Now! You fools punching each other… when Colm O’Driscoll’s needing punching, hard. You wanna sit around waiting for him to come find us? All of you, we got work to do. Come on.
Arthur Morgan: Are you sure about this, Dutch?
Dutch van der Linde: Yes.
Arthur Morgan: Folks been through a lot recently… we hardly back on our feet yet.
Dutch van der Linde: And the last thing we need is to get bushwhacked by Colm O’Driscoll. Let’s go.
Arthur Morgan: I know you hate him, Dutch.
Dutch van der Linde: He’s here for us.
Arthur Morgan: I doubt that.
Dutch van der Linde: No, you’re just doubting me.
Arthur Morgan: I would never doubt you, Dutch, you… you always said revenge is a luxury we can’t afford.
Dutch van der Linde: This is the right call, Arthur. Take this.
Dutch van der Linde: What’s that? Tracks… horses, quite a few of ’em. Far as I can tell, the only fools out here are us and them… they must be this way.
Arthur Morgan: You good, Dutch?
Dutch van der Linde: Of course. Listen, I know you don’t think much of my ideas recently, but this is the right move.
Arthur Morgan: Okay… you know I got your back.
Dutch van der Linde: I learned a long time ago that you hit Colm O’Driscoll, wait for him and people you love will die.
Arthur Morgan: This feud between you and him… needs to be put to rest, one way or another.
Bill Williamson: It will be.
Dutch van der Linde: Some things I can forgive, others I can forget. What he did to Annabelle, I can’t do neither.
Arthur Morgan: You killed his brother, Dutch.
Dutch van der Linde: Yes, I did. And I hope the bastards’ll be reunited soon enough. That’s how this’ll end.
Micah Bell: Damn right, boss.
Dutch van der Linde: See that smoke? Let’s cut up here and take a look. They said it was near the lake, so we must be close.Hold up here. Alright, gentlemen, this is it. Are we goddamn ready?
Javier Escuella: Ready, Dutch.
Lenny Summers: Ready.
Dutch van der Linde: Good. Now, Mr. Morgan and I, we’re going to head up here a little, see if we can’t get a sense of the layout of the camp. Mr. Williamson, Mr. Bell, you two take up a hidden position just outside the camp. Mr. Summers, Mr. Escuella, you two hold position here. Let’s go.
Arthur Morgan: So what are we doing, Dutch? I can take this if you want.
Dutch van der Linde: Just make the call. You wanna take the lead? Go.
Arthur Morgan: Okay, I’ll go first. O’Driscolls! You’re dead, you sons of bitches! I’m moving up, put some fire behind me!
Charles Smith: See some of the ground uncovered here. Come on, let’s try this way. Keep your eyes peeled for movement. The wind’s died down too.
Arthur Morgan: And that’s good?
Charles Smith: No wind at all is bad, but if it’s too strong, they won’t move. Now, shh… stay quiet. Hey… stop here a second. I see something. There’s deer been here… recently.
Arthur Morgan: How can you tell?
Charles Smith: How can you not? Let’s walk it from here. You’re going to need the bow, don’t leave it on your horse. A gun will scare everything around. Keep down. Move quietly and slowly.
Arthur Morgan: I think so… maybe not.
Charles Smith: It’s easier in the snow but, once you get your eye in, you’ll be able to track nearly as well in grass and woods. Wait, look… there they are. Quick, get that bow out, Arthur. Aim for the head or neck… See if you can get another one. Well done. I think that’s all we can carry. Okay, you pick up one, I’ll get the other.
Arthur Morgan: You sure your hand’s okay?
Charles Smith: It’ll be fine once I get it on my shoulder I’ll go grab the other one.
Arthur Morgan: Ready to head back when you are…
Charles Smith: Come on then, let’s head back. Nice work, Arthur. Should be enough meat here to keep us all fed for a few days.
Arthur Morgan: You found ’em.
Charles Smith: I knew you’d be okay with that bow.
Arthur Morgan: It’s easier when they ain’t shooting back.
Charles Smith: We’ve seen enough of that.
Arthur Morgan: Considering how things were looking a couple of days back, maybe our luck is finally on the turn.
Charles Smith: Seems to me we should be putting our effort into getting off this mountain now.
Arthur Morgan: Soon. People are still weak and you’ve seen how Snowed in those wagons are… they ain’t going nowhere until we get some more thaw.
Charles Smith: You’re probably right. And, even if we do get off here… what then? We’ll still have a big price on our heads.
Arthur Morgan: This is a big country… we’ll find somewhere to lie low. Dutch and Hosea will have a plan. You noticed how Pearson’s had a bottle in his hand ever since we fled Blackwater? We give the camp cook five minutes to grab the essentials and go, and he doesn’t even bring a crumb of food.
Charles Smith: Good that we caught more than one. We’ve only been up here a few days and have already picked up two more mouths to feed.
Arthur Morgan: One more. We ain’t feeding the O’Driscoll a damn thing, except maybe that can of salted offal Pearson was kind enough to give us.
Charles Smith: The girl, she has a wild look in her eye.
Arthur Morgan: Of course. She lost her husband, her home, everything she had.
Charles Smith: So what do we do with her?
Arthur Morgan: Once we get out of here, and we’re back on our feet, we’ll see. She might have family somewhere.
Charles Smith: Who knows, maybe she’ll deal with the O’Driscoll for us.
Arthur Morgan: I know who my money’s on in that fight. He’s weak, but that makes him much more useful. Maybe we can get to them before they get to us.
Charles Smith: What is it with the O’Driscolls?
Arthur Morgan: You ain’t dealt with them? I suppose we ain’t run into them much the last six months. I guess because they’ve been over this way.
Charles Smith: I’ve heard a lot of talk about them…
Arthur Morgan: Well… we’ve been scrapping over scores with them for years.
Charles Smith: Watch out! Bear up ahead. Let’s see if we can find another way around.
Arthur Morgan: He’s got a lot of meat on him.
Charles Smith: We’ve got enough here, no need to push our luck. He must be real hungry, stay well back. Spring storms like this are the worst for animals that sleep all winter. That’s a bad idea… have you seen the size of it? What are you doing? Look out!
Arthur Morgan: That thing was huge.
Charles Smith: Are you crazy? You’re lucky it scared that easy. Come on, let’s get back before it changes its mind.
Arthur Morgan: We ain’t ever talked that much, you and me. How long have you been with us now? Five, six months?
Charles Smith: Something like that.
Arthur Morgan: Bet you didn’t expect this.
Charles Smith: What?
Arthur Morgan: Any of this. The Blackwater mess, being up here.
Charles Smith: Sooner or later a job’s going to go wrong. Nature of life.
Arthur Morgan: Just thought you might have moved on by now.
Charles Smith: You want me to move on?
Arthur Morgan: No, no, not at all, I just… I know you could run it alone, no problem.
Charles Smith: I did that for a long time. I’m done with it. Always wondering if someone’s going to kill you in your sleep.
Arthur Morgan: I still wonder that most nights.
Charles Smith: I reckon you’re okay… This suits me. Sure, I could fall in with another gang, but Dutch… you know… Dutch is different. Oh yes.
Arthur Morgan: Dutch is certainly different.
Charles Smith: He treats me fair. Most of you do. And for a feller with a black father and an Indian mother that ain’t normally the case.
Arthur Morgan: Well… we need you now, more than ever.
Charles Smith: Good… and how long have you been with these boys? Why ain’t you run off?
Arthur Morgan: Twenty years, something like that. Since I was a boy.
Charles Smith: Twenty years?
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, he taught me to read. John, too. Taught me a few other things, him and Hosea.
Charles Smith: I’m sure.
Arthur Morgan: Dutch saved me, saved most of us. That’s why we need to stick by him through this. He always sees us right.
Charles Smith: How’s that new horse?
Arthur Morgan: He’s alright, he’ll do for now. Appreciate you letting me take Taima the other night.
Charles Smith: She’s a strong one. It’s been as hard on the horses as on the rest of us. I don’t know what Dutch would do if something happened to the Count.
Arthur Morgan: Same with Bill and Brown Jack. He’s a drunk, miserable bastard, but… he loves that horse.
Charles Smith: I hope they all make it.
Arthur Morgan: I tried to ride the Count once… bucked me faster than a bull. Won’t take nobody but him.
Charles Smith: I’m going to hitch Taima over here.
Arthur Morgan: Brought some food back, boys. Come on, let’s get these over to Pearson. Oh and, thank you, for showing me how to use the bow properly.
Charles Smith: I only showed you a little. Takes a lifetime of practice to master.
Simon Pearson: See you got on just fine.
Arthur Morgan: Charles is a wonder.
Simon Pearson: Have a drink boys… you earned it.
Arthur Morgan: Jesus, what is that?
Simon Pearson: Navy rum, sir… it’s the only thing… the only thing. Keeps you sane it does.
Arthur Morgan: Yes, seems to have done a treat on you. You go rest that hand, Charles.
Charles Smith: I’ll be fine in a few days.
Simon Pearson: You mind helping me with the skinning, Mr. Morgan? It’s easier if we do it together.
Arthur Morgan: Do I get to skin you?
Simon Pearson: You’re always one with the jokes aren’t you?
Charles Smith: This really isn’t a job for a man with a burnt hand. I’ll see you both later. You skin that one y-you dumped on the floor there. Not too bad, Mr. Morgan. Yeah, they always said you were a butcher. You know you could trade these or sell these in pretty much any town… if you’re looking to make a legitimate bit of money of course.
Arthur Morgan: Right now I’m just looking to get off this mountain alive.
Simon Pearson: Yeah, well if you catch anything else… you bring it to me. Thank you, Mr. Morgan. Heck, Arthur Morgan’s first decent bit of hunting, after all these years.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah well, we’re on the run now… everyone’s got to do their bit to survive. Just make a good stew, folk need it… it’s been a tough few days.
Arthur Morgan: You’re still here, then?
John: I owe you.
Arthur Morgan: And you’ll pay me… but for the moment, just rest.
Dutch van der Linde: Now, railway men. Bill, now you ride ahead and set the charge… at the water tower, just before the tunnel.
Bill Williamson: Ain’t a problem.
Hosea Matthews: Why are we doing this? Weather’s breaking, we could leave. I-I thought we was lying low.
Bill Williamson: Hyah… come on.
Dutch van der Linde: What do you want from me, Hosea?
Hosea Matthews: I just don’t want any more folks to die, Dutch.
Dutch van der Linde: We’re living, Hosea, we’re living… look at me, we’re living… even you. But we need money, everything we have’s in Blackwater. You fancy heading back there?
Hosea Matthews: Listen, Dutch, I ain’t trying to undermine you, just… I just want to stick to the plan… which was to lie low, then head back out west. Now suddenly, we’re about to roh a train.
Dutch van der Linde: What choice have we got?
Hosea Matthews: Leviticus Cornwall’s no joke, Dutch, he’s…
Arthur Morgan: Who is Leviticus Cornwall?
Hosea Matthews: He’s a big railway magnate, sugar dealer, oil man.
Dutch van der Linde: Well how good for him. Sounds like he has more than enough to share. Gentlemen, it is time to make something of ourselves. Get your horses ready, we have a train to rob. Everyone ready? Alright, let’s head out.
Dutch van der Linde: Arthur, get over here! We don’t have time to play games! Are you two alright?
Arthur Morgan: Yes, let’s get the money and go.
Dutch van der Linde: We got some fellers holed in up this last car.
Arthur Morgan: Ah, shit.
Dutch van der Linde: What are you boys planning on doing in there? Listen to me, we don’t want to kill any of ya… any more of ya. I give you my word, but trust me… we will.
Guard 2: I work for Leviticus Cornwall.
Dutch van der Linde: Come on, boys.
Guard 2: We got our orders.
Dutch van der Linde: Okay. You asked for it. Five…
Guard 2: We ain’t opening this door.
Dutch van der Linde: Three, Two, One. Seems our friends have gone deaf. Wake ’em up a little!
Guard 3: We ain’t coming out!
Guard 4: You got no way in here!
Dutch van der Linde: That’s enough! Mr. Williamson, give Mr. Morgan and Mr. Smith some dynamite… you two boys, go blow that door open. Now don’t matter too much to us, but you boys in there, might wanna take a step back…
Charles Smith: Seems good enough. Now light the fuse.
Arthur Morgan: Here we go…
Bill Williamson: Unless you got a death wish, I’d step back, fellers.
Hosea Matthews: Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Hosea.
Hosea Matthews: Quite a day.
Arthur Morgan: Let’s hope so.
Hosea Matthews: There’s a bunch of the boys already in Valentine… Bill, Charles and Javier. And Swanson found something… down at the train station by the lake apparently. And Strauss came back with that creepy little smile on his face. I’m sure there’s a whole list of unfortunates… he’s forced money upon.
Arthur: Thank you. And you?
Hosea Matthews: I’m gonna read a book.
Tilly Jackson: I can’t believe we’re going to see civilization… feels like weeks since we did.
Uncle: Yeah, Valentine… the very embodiment of civilization. You ladies are gonna love it.
Arthur Morgan: Sure, you’ll see… real civilized. Let’s go.
Uncle: Alright, do you know the way?
Arthur Morgan: Yeah…me and the boys got into a bit of a fight at the saloon there.
Karen Jones: Already?
Uncle: Oh, so all that talk about how hard you been working… you mean drinking. Ladies, sing us a song. Ladies: I got a girl in Berryville… can’t be screwed ’cause she’s too damn ill.
Uncle: Go right here, it’s quicker.
Ladies: So I don’t go down there no more. There’s a blue horse lays outside her door. I got a girl in Valentine… likes to drink that fancy wine. Plumes in her hat was two feet tall… the crack in her pants paid for it all. I got a girl in Berryville. Can’t get it in her cause she won’t stay still. She kicks and squeals and farts and hollers. She kicks and squeals and Parts and hollers.
Uncle: Look at that coach, he… he’s all over the place.
Ladies: Won’t take less than seven dollars. Won’t take less than seven dollars.
Driver: Oh, goddamn it! Oh shit, the horses! This is all I need.
Tilly Jackson: Is one of you gonna get that seller’s horse?
Uncle: Oh, I got lumbago, it’s very serious!
Arthur Marston: Alright, I’ll see what’s going on… Lumbago. Really… You alright there, friend? You alright there, friend?
Driver: Oh hey, you couldn’t help me get my other horse back from over there, could you?
Arthur Marston: Sure, no problem.
Driver: Thanks mister. It’s the white one over there.
Uncle: Alright! Here we are, just like I said. The cultural center of civilization. Man at his finest.
Arthur Morgan: Uncle, what’re we doing?
Uncle: Well, we’re gonna do what any self respecting maniac does… put the women to work.
Karen Jones: With pleasure… we’ll start at the saloon.
Arthur Morgan: Okay, just stay outta trouble and don’t get yourselves noticed.
Uncle: Right, I-I need to get something from the stores.
Arthur Morgan: Okay, well we’ll see you at the general store when you’re done.
Karen Jones: Come on ladies… imagine we’re in Paris.
Uncle: Come on.
Tilly Jackson: I imagine Paris and Valentine are easily confused.
Arthur Morgan: So that’s how you see yourself, is it? A maniac?
Uncle: Well, in my youth, I used to be known as the "one-shot kid".
Arthur Morgan: Okay… I’m not gonna ask why.
Uncle: You’re a sad man, Arthur Morgan. But I know you love me.
Arthur Morgan: Desperately… you’re my favorite parasite. No… ringworm’s my favorite parasite, you’re my second favorite parasite.
Uncle: Very funny.
Arthur Morgan: I lied… ringworm, then rats with the plague, then you.
Uncle: Shut up… this is the place, now. Come on. Afternoon.
Arthur Morgan: So what do you need?
Uncle: A drop of whiskey for a start. Something to pass the time while we’re waiting on the women.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, reckon I should probably steer clear of the saloon this time.
Uncle: You’re looking a bit tired there, Arthur. Why you don’t pick up some coffee while we’re here?
Shopkeeper: Lemme know if you have any questions, fellers. Whiskey’s on the top shell, nearest the door. Wait, ain’t you the feller who had the fight with Tommy outside the saloon?
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, that all got a little out of hand, but… I didn’t swing first.
Shopkeeper: Sure, well, these things happen. And that was some good viewing. Don’t reckon folk ever seen Tommy lose a fight before.
Arthur Morgan: Well, it’s all done now.
Uncle: You not getting anything, Arthur?
Arthur Morgan: I don’t know… maybe.
Uncle: What do you reckon, a lamb or a sausage?
Shopkeeper: Well, this here’s a sheep town, the lamb’s the best in the state.
Arthur Morgan: So, you’re actually buying for once? Are you feeling alright?
Uncle: See this? Young folk got no respect for their elders no more. Okay, if you’re done, I’ll meet you outside. I won’t be too long. This should do the trick.
Shopkeeper: Yep… that’s fine whisky.
Uncle: That should do us, let’s go wait for them outside.
Shopkeeper: All the best, fellers. Try to stay out of trouble now.
Arthur Morgan: Excuse me.
Stranger: You thought I wouldn’t find you, Tilly?
Tilly Jackson: You can go kiss a damn snake for all I care… get off me! Get off of me!
Arthur Morgan: Get your hands off of her.
Stranger: Who are you?
Tilly Jackson: A friend of mine…
Arthur Morgan: Get the hell off of her, you son of a bitch.
Stranger: Hey… hey take it easy. There’s no problem here.
Arthur Morgan: There will be if you don’t get outta here right now.
Stranger: You’re making a big mistake, Tilly Jackson.
Tilly Jackson: Just get lost.
Stranger: I ain’t doing this with you right now.
Arthur Morgan: Go wait with Uncle and Mary Beth, they’re across the street.
Tilly Jackson: Okay, thanks Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Uncle! Look after her. I’mma go see about Karen in the hotel.
Hotel owner: Can I help you, sir?
Arthur Morgan: I’m looking for a girl who came in here earlier with a drunk feller? Mid twenties, blonde, you’d remember her.
Hotel owner: Yeah, they’re in 2B, upstairs. Are you, uh, a friend of his?
Arthur Morgan: A friend of hers…
Hotel Owner: No trouble now, please!
Guest: Oh, get the hell outta here will you?
Arthur Morgan: Sorry… wrong room.
Karen Jones: Get off of me!
Stranger 2: I’m getting what I paid for!
Arthur Morgan: Hey!
Stranger 2: Who are you?
Arthur Morgan: A friend of hers.
Stranger 2: Get outta here, buddy, I paid.
Arthur Morgan: Ain’t paid to hit her, you goddamn animal! Come here!
Sheriff: Well… looky here. Maybe this is our man.
Lawman: You a bounty hunter, mister?
Arthur Morgan: Maybe… it depends.
Sheriff: Well, I’m guessing you ain’t here to pass the day… turn yourself in… or discuss the finer points of county law. Then I don’t need to know much more than that…. till I got a reason to.
Arthur Morgan: Alright…
Sheriff: You smell that? This here’s a livestock town, mister… attracts delinquents and reprobates like flies. Now I’m not a feller to pass a quick judgement… but I’ve been around long enough to know… you don’t hire a saint to catch a sinner. You bring me what I need… and I’ll pay you well… and I won’t ask no questions.
Arthur Morgan: what is it you need?
Sheriff: Why don’t you have a look at that poster… on the wall over there.
Lawman: He’s a low down huckster. He’s been poisoning folks with his miracle cure… from here to Annesburg. Killed more than Landon Ricketts without even pulling a trigger. Gets some kind of sick satisfaction out of it.
Sheriff: The feller over at the saloon says… he thought he saw him by the gorge… straight north of here. You think you can bring him in? The money’s good. I need him alive though. I wanna make sure the women he widowed… get compensated before he swings.
Arthur Morgan: I’ll see what I can do.
Sheriff: Well good luck to you. And we need him alive… that’s an important point.
Arthur Morgan: Alive. I got it.
Sheriff: Well, he don’t understand you, Moira, and that’s the truth… Oh, my Lord… I wasn’t expecting you back so soon. Uh, Mrs. Calthorpe was, uh… was just leaving.
Arthur Morgan: Sure… where you want him?
Sheriff: Cell in the back.
Benedict Allbright: There’s been some terrible mistake. I never did it…
Arthur Morgan: I thought I told you to shut up, partner.
Benedict Allbright: But I told…
Arthur Morgan: But nothing. Shut up… and err… good luck. It’s been real fun.
Benedict Allbright: You ain’t much of man. If you ask folks for forgiveness you remember this, partner.
Arthur Morgan: I’ve already forgotten it. Now, Sheriff… how much was you offering?
Sheriff: Fifty dollars… here.
Arthur Morgan: Thank you. Madam.
Sheriff: Now please, remember what I told you.
Stranger: Hey, no need to be rude.
Stranger 2: Come on, sir, try to remember… what really happened at Sylvia’s Saloon back in ’76?
Stranger 3: Just a lot of bunk, Plato, it’s just a lot of bunk.
Stranger 2: It’s not bunk, Mr. Calloway, sir. It’s history.
Stranger 3: Ancient history, done and dusted. The dead got off lucky, the living gotta keep suffering. Same as always.
Stranger 2: But did you shoot the Newton Twins?
Stranger 3: I don’t give a pig’s penis about the Newton Twins! One of them was a girl, anyhow.
Stranger 2: But you had been friends back in ‘73. You rode the Alabaster Trail together.
Stranger 3: Funny thing about pig’s penises: they’re curly, like their tails. Ha! Put that in your fucking book, Plato!
Arthur Morgan: Who’s your friend there?
Stranger 2: This isn’t going very well. This is Jim ’Boy’ Calloway.
Arthur Morgan: Who?
Stranger 2: The gunslinger… fastest left handed draw that ever drew breath. He once killed fourteen men in a fight at Lewsey Hollow.
Arthur Morgan: Well what are you waiting for?
Stranger 2: How do you mean?
Arthur Morgan: I reckon, right now… kill him yourself.
Stranger 2: I don’t wanna kill him… I wanna deify him. I’m trying to write his biography.
Arthur Morgan: And how’s that going?
Stranger 2: I think I’d prefer the duel. Either I’d kill him… and be able to he Baltimore’s finest ever gunslinger… or he’d kill me and I could be set free… from ever having to speak to him again.
Arthur Morgan: Well, you’re starting to understand something very important.
Stranger 2: What’s that?
Arthur Morgan: The joys of gunslinging. It’s win-win, freedom or glory.
Stranger 2: That’s brilliant. I’m going to write that down…
Arthur Morgan: Be my guest.
Stranger 2: What’s your name?
Arthur: I don’t have a name.
Stranger 2: But you are a gunslinger?
Arthur Morgan: Not really. I mean folks who need shooting, I try and shoot in the back. All that other stuff, it’s…
Stranger 2: But you’ve fought duels?
Arthur Morgan: Once upon a time… I may have.
Stranger 2: And you ain’t interested in fame?
Arthur Morgan: I don’t think so.
Stranger 2: Strange… but you like fortune?
Arthur Morgan: I need money, sure…
Stranger 2: Okay… then forgive me, mister if I seem a little desperate… I am a little desperate. Ythis book… I’ve gotta make a thing of it, and… well… there’s a whole list of gun fighters. Legends, every last one. Emmet Granger… Flaco Hernandez… Billy Midnight… Black Belle.
Arthur Morgan: Never heard of ’em.
Stranger 2: Maybe you can go and speak to them… ask ’em about Calloway. Any of ’em get uppity… shoot ‘em. I can’t believe I just said that but…
Arthur Morgan: You want me to go and find some… sad, deluded fools like him… ask if he was the greatest… and then if they get uppity, shoot ’em?
Stranger 2: Does sound a lot worse than it did in my head.
Arthur Morgan: How much you paying?
Stranger 2: Half the proceeds of the book… if you help me get it written.
Arthur Morgan: I’ll see what I can do.
Stranger 2: Oh, get photos. And there are notes on the back… of those portraits that should lead you to ’em.
Arthur Morgan: I’ll see what I can find out.
Stranger 2: I imagine we’ll be stuck here upon your return. Here or some other flop house.
Hosea Matthews: Hey, Arthur! You wanna go hunting?
Arthur Morgan: What are you hunting? An elephant?
Hosea Matthews: I wish. No, I saw a huge bear. One of the biggest I ever saw. I reckon nearly a thousand pounds.
Arthur Morgan: My god. What, you need me to come with you?
Hosea Matthews: Of course. Let’s go.
Arthur Morgan: Well, where are we heading exactly?
Hosea Matthews: Up near the Dakota River. Might take a day or two.
Arthur Morgan: I could do with a break from this place.
Hosea Matthews: Oh, me too. It’s been a rough couple of weeks. You need anything?
Arthur Morgan: I don’t think so, I got all I need.
Hosea Matthews: Let’s go then. So, you still ain’t replaced Boadicea?
Arthur Morgan: Nah. I miss her, she was quite a horse. This one’s okay but… ain’t no Boadicea.
Hosea Matthews: I been meaning to offload this big shire horse for a while now. Unruly bastard!
Arthur Morgan: Where’d you get him?
Hosea Matthews: Some big, loud-mouthed bastard tried to rob me when I was out riding so I… well, you know how it is.
Arthur Morgan: I see.
Hosea Matthews: Let’s take him to Valentine. It’s on the way, sort of. There’s a decent dealer there. We’ll unload him, you can buy yourself a new horse. Put your saddle on him, let’s get going.
Arthur Morgan: Okay, but I do kind of like this horse.
Hosea Matthews: There’s nothing wrong with two horses. And the stables always have the best ones.
Arthur Morgan: I guess you’re right.
Hosea Matthews: This is gonna be fun, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan:He won’t throw me?
Hosea Matthews: No, he’s an angel… if I’m near him…
Arthur Morgan: Nasty little look in his eyes.
Hosea Matthews: Don’t he rude about this magnificent creature.
Arthur Morgan: Easy, big feller.
Hosea Matthews: Alright, let’s head into town. No bar fights, please. I heard about that.
Arthur Morgan: I’ll do my best.
Hosea Matthews: We’re heading out. Might be gone a couple of days. They got a good range of horse tack at the Valentine stables. Some beautiful saddles… I used to have a real nice one.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, what happened to that?
Hosea Matthews: Got stolen outside that saloon in Deer Creek.
Arthur Morgan: Oh I remember now, just about. That turned into a long day.
Hosea Matthews: Yes, remember? Mac went crazy, threatened to kill the whole town. And Davey was passed out so cold we left him there, came back in the next day and… he woke up, started right back drinking again.
Arthur Morgan: I miss those boys.
Hosea Matthews: Jenny too. She had some spark, that girl.
Arthur Morgan: It must be pretty hard on Lenny, you could tell he was sweet on her.
Hosea Matthews: Well, Lenny and Jenny could never have worked. That’s like Arthur and Martha, Or Bill and Phil.
Arthur Morgan: Maybe you’re right… Does feel a bit like our luck died with them, too.
Hosea Matthews: Nonsense. We’ll be alright. Just need some money to get back on our feet.
Arthur Morgan: I hope so. You and a way to offload those Cornwall bonds yet?
Hosea Matthews: Not yet. They’re still very hot. Need to be done right. I have a couple of leads I’m looking into. Don’t let that big bastard get the better of you there, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: He’s alright.
Hosea Matthews: Stables are just up ahead. Alright, go sell that big brute and… buy yourself a horse.
Arthur Morgan: Okay.
Hosea Matthews: I’m going off to the general store… get a few things to lure that bear out with… Meet you back here in a bit.
Shopkeeper: Hey, how can I help you?
Arthur Morgan: I’m in the market for a new horse. Something strong and fast.
Shopkeeper: You’re in the right place… I’ve got some beauties in at the moment. Yeah… and what about this one here? You looking to sell?
Arthur Morgan: I ain’t sure yet.
Shopkeeper: You got papers?
Arthur Morgan: No, no papers.
Shopkeeper: Well, of course, that’s gonna affect what I can pay but your lucks in. I got a feller who’s been looking for a decent workhorse like this for a while. He’ll pay a good price. Otherwise, I can always stable him here for you. Here, take a look.
John Marston: That’s it. They’re turning tail!
Arthur Morgan: Leave ’em. Colm’s still here.
John Marston: Hey… he said Colm’d be in the cabin.
Arthur Morgan: I’ll check. You look out here.
John Marston: Now, what you stashing in here? What you got, O’Driscoll?
Bill Williamson: You got supplies, you drunk dead bastard.
John Marston: Give it up.
Arthur Morgan: Dutch… Miss O’Shea.
Dutch van der Linde: Well, it feels like we are finally getting back on our feet.
Arthur Morgan: You find a buyer for them bonds we stole?
Dutch van der Linde: Not yet, but Hosea’s working on it.
Arthur Morgan: When we heading west?
Dutch van der Linde: Soon. I don’t know.
Arthur Morgan: Feels like… things have changed. The whole world has changed. That they don’t want folk like us no more. We’re being hunted.
Dutch van der Linde: We are smarter than them. Only the feeblest of men take jobs in the government.
Arthur Morgan: I hope so.
Molly: Trust Dutch, Mr. Morgan. You have to.
Lenny Summers: Just one or two… right, Arthur?
Arthur Morgan: Course, just a drink… no big drama. Can we get a couple of beers, please?
Bartender: I don’t want no trouble.
Arthur Morgan: And you’ll get none from me… I was defending myself.
Bartender: Tommy, he’s…
Arthur Morgan: He’ll be fine. Here, have one for yourself.
Lenny Summers: Micah seemed to know a lot of people… that was the problem.
Arthur Morgan: How you mean?
Lenny Summers: I mean, I done seen a lot of crazy, crazy stuff, but Micah….
Patron: "I seen a lot of crazy, crazy stuff."
Arthur Morgan: Will you shut up?
Patron: "Will you shut up?"
Arthur Morgan: Be quiet, buddy.
Patron: They’re dullards. My Lord… you men is dull…
Lenny Summers: Leave this fool alone.
Patron: "Leave the fool alone". People been leaving me alone for the last ten years. I’m bored with being left alone.
Arthur Morgan: Listen, buddy… you’re a charming fellow… one of the best. But me and the kid here, we’re trying to talk business, so, could you… possibly leave us alone? No offense intended.
Patron: Ain’t no pleasing some folk. I was, just… trying to be friendly.
Arthur Morgan: That’s great, partner.
Patron 10: This way… this way…
Deputy: I got him… I got the bastard.
Deputy 2: Come here, you drunk fool.
Arthur Morgan: Never! You’ll never take me alive!
Deputy 3: You… stop right now, you drunken fool.
Arthur Morgan: Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness!
Arthur Morgan: Oh, you moron, Morgan… You moron… not again. This is turning into one of them days.
Susan Grimshaw: Oh, once I was a servant maid, down in main lane; My master used to beat on me, my mistress did the same; Till early one morning, a sailor boy came ashore; And he’s the one that turned me into a dirty little whore. He asked me for a candlestick, to light him up to bed; He asked me for my handerchief to wind around his head; And me being a little fool and thinking it no harm; I jumped in bed beside him, to keep myself a-warm; Singing home, boys, home, it’s where I want to be; Home, boys, home, with a girl on either knee; With that little ribbon taurplin hat and a coat of navy blue; Let him climb the rigging like his daddy climbed up you. He rumbled me, he tumbled me, he screwed me to the wall.
Arthur Morgan: I need to find a ranch maid here called Lilly Millet… you know where she is? Lilly Millet… you know where she is? Lilly Millet, she’s a ranch maid here, you know where she is? The ranch maid, Miss Millet, you know where I can find her?
Father: Lilly? Just over there by the store, with Cooper.
Lilly Millet: You have any idea of the hole I’m in?
Stranger: Oh, come on! Why’s it always gotta be such a goddamn performance with you? Now I told you I’d get you the money next week. And I’ll get it.
Lilly Millet: If you didn’t make it this week, who’s to say you’ll make it next?
Stranger: Don’t you take that tone with me. I thought you said you love me.
Lilly Millet: I do. I do! But, what I get paid ain’t enough for one person, let alone two. Your money’s got to be your problem now.
Stranger: The only problem I got is this bleating going on in my ear. Now lay off it, Lilly. Goddammit!
Arthur Morgan: Where’s our money?
Lilly Millet: What?
Arthur Morgan: That loan you took, it’s payday.
Lilly Millet: I’m sorry. I don’t have it right now…
Arthur Morgan: Well then… I guess we got a big problem, don’t we?
Lilly Millet: Cooper… give him what you’ve got.
Stranger: I ain’t giving him nothing. Except a lesson in… damn manners! 
Arthur Morgan: Son of a bitch.
Lilly Millet: Stop it, both of you. Don’t hurt him! Just give him the money… Cooper! Alright! Alright. He has all my money. I gave it all to him. Just take everything you find on him and let’s be done with this. You got your money, leave me alone! What do you want? I’ve got nothing to say to you.
Arthur Morgan: I didn’t steal that… it’s a debt… oh, dammit.
Arthur Morgan: Knock knock, Mr. Wróbel.
Wróbel in Polish: Excuse me. Whatever are you doing in my house?
Arthur Morgan: Goddamn it… English? You speak English?
Wróbel: Me? Silesia… Upper Silesia.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, good for you. I’m here for money… that you borrowed from a German man.
Wróbel: Aha, a German.
Wróbel in German: Good sir, we will converse in the language of the Empire.
Arthur Morgan: Nah. I don’t speak German neither. I’m here for money. Money. That you borrowed from Leopold Strauss.
Wróbel: Aha… aha…err… Leopold Strauss.
Arthur Morgan: Aha… yeah. So it’s time to pay. Where is it?
Wróbel: Well no, have nothing. It’s very bad winter.
Arthur Morgan: We’ve all had a bad winter, pal. Now, where is it?
Wróbel: No, no.
Arthur Morgan: Now, you remember where you’re keeping that silver?
Wróbel In Polish: Give me time, I will get the money.
Arthur Morgan: No, still don’t understand you. God damn it, you have a debt to Herr Strauss. Pay up!
Wróbel In Polish: Stop. I’m spent. Stop! I’m spent.
Wróbel: Ah, no, no, no, no… please no… No have money… but… but I have this… It’s good… it’s good… valuable. It’s… it’s Warszawa, yes.
Arthur Morgan: I have your things? Okay? I have… anything in here, or out there?
Wróbel: Yes…
Arthur Morgan: Longer I look, the madder I get. Better be something somewhere. You musta come here with something? Don’t even speak English…
Wróbel: Very valuable. Good?
Arthur Morgan: Not good yet.
Wróbel: No, no, no, no.
Arthur Morgan: Yes, yes, yes, yes. What you got behind there?
Wróbel in Polish: Excuse me. What? I don’t understand.
Arthur Morgan: Move aside.
Wróbel In Polish: Should never trust Prussians, or Americans for that matter.
Arthur Morgan: What do we have here…
Wróbel In Polish: My ring, no, no!
Arthur Morgan: Just keep quiet. Okay. That should about cover things.
Chelonian: Shell of safety. Shell of safety. Shell of safety.
Chelontian 2: Shell of safety…
Arthur Morgan: Can I speak to the boy?
Jamie Gillis: Arthur?
Arthur Morgan: Hello, son. Your sister is very worried.
Chelonian Master: The boy has chosen a path, sir. The path to truth.
Arthur Morgan: Well… his sister just wants to speak with him.
Jamie Gillis: Arthur. I’ve chosen a path.
Chelonian Master: The boy has chosen a path, he’s chosen safety… what path have you chosen, sir?
Arthur Morgan: I don’t know about this nonsense. Let me speak to the boy!
Chelonian Master: Are you always this negative and antagonistic, sir?
Arthur Morgan: Only when dealing with idiots. Now let me talk to the boy! You goddamn lunatic. 
Jamie Gillis: Get off him. That’s enough, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Now, kid, come on… this is crap… you’re better than this.
Jamie Gillis: Better than what? Better than wanting paradise?
Arthur Morgan: Better than thinking these fools… know a damn thing about paradise… now let me take you home.
Jamie Gillis: You’re a sad man, Arthur… you’re a real sad man.
Arthur Morgan: Sure… but come home.
Jamie Gillis: No, not a chance! Leave me alone, Arthur! I didn’t ask for your help! 
Arthur Morgan: For chrissakes, Jamie. Just hold up a minute!
Jamie Gillis: This is none of your damn business!
Arthur Morgan: They’re just using you! Telling you what you want to hear!
Jamie Gillis: What the hell do you know about it. Arthur?
Arthur Morgan: Just stop and let’s talk about this!
Jamie Gillis: I don’t have to answer to you!
Arthur Morgan: Come on, Jamie! Your sister’s worried about you.
Jamie Gillis: You pop up out of nowhere!
Arthur Morgan: Come on, you ain’t stupid. You can see this is crazy.
Jamie Gillis: You’re the crazy one!
Arthur Morgan: Damn it, we got to do this the hard way?
Jamie Gillis: I was doing just fine by myself!
Farmer: Whoa, whoa, whoa… you little jackass.
Jamie Gillis: Sorry, mister.
Arthur Morgan: So what are you gonna do, Jamie? Live the rest of your life in the mountains, with those people?
Jamie Gillis: They’re my friends! If you don’t leave me alone, I’ll shoot you. I swear it!
Arthur Morgan: What are you talking about? You ain’t no killer!
Jamie Gillis: You don’t know who I am! Move! Move!
Arthur Morgan: Now calm down. Let’s go see your sister.
Jamie Gillis: Okay… okay.
Arthur Morgan: It’s okay, kid.
Jamie Gillis: Have I been a terrible fool, Arthur?
Arthur Morgan: I don’t know… I don’t know enough about it… but one thing I do know… there ain’t no shame in looking for a better world.
Jamie Gillis: I missed you, Arthur. Are you and Mary sweet on one another again?
Arthur Morgan: I feel like… the luckiest man alive and… I feel like a fool. That woman confuses me and plays me for a fiddle like no one else alive. I trust I will not make a godawful tool of myself once more, but… somehow, I imagine I shall. 
Thomas Downes: I’m working… I’m working as hard as I can.
Arthur Morgan: Why’d it have to come to this, huh? You ain’t such a do-gooder, are you? If you’re running out on debts.
Thomas Downes: I’m not running anywhere. I… I… I’m doing my best for you.
Arthur Morgan: How’s that debt looking now? You borrowed money from my business partner Herr Strauss. You owe him. You took the money. He wants it back. What’s not to understand? Where’s our money?
Tomas Downes: I don’t have it.
Arthur Morgan: Sell your place.
Thomas Downes: We already owe more than it’s worth.
Arthur Morgan: Then sell your wife, or your family, or something. We ain’t your idea of charity. Is that clear?
Javier Escuella: How many?
Charles Smith: A lot. Uniforms everywhere.
Javier Escuella: You see Sean?
Charles Smith: No, I don’t think so.
Javier Escuella: Damn it. Where’s Trelawny?
Charles Smith: Who knows?
Arthur Morgan: Hey.
Charles Smith: Hey.
Arthur Morgan: Where is that little Irish bastard?
Charles Smith: I’m not quite sure. Trelawny’s off trying to find out.
Arthur Morgan: Has anyone been into Blackwater to see how things lie?
Javier Escuella: Place is crawling with Pinkertons… bounty hunters… pictures of Dutch and Hosea.
Arthur Morgan: We got a lot of money sitting in that town.
Javier Escuella: And that’s where it’s gonna remain, for now.
Arthur Morgan: Why haven’t they hanged Sean, I wonder?
Charles Smith: I think he’s bait… or they want to trial him publicly.
John Marston: Hey, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: What you want?
John Marston: Uncle told me something about a train.
Arthur Morgan: What did he say?
John Marston: Mary-Beth overheard something about a train… full of wealthy folk… rolling down through Scarlet Meadows… just south of the state border.
Arthur Morgan: Yes.
John Marston: You need help with it?
Arthur Morgan: I ain’t even sure about doing it.
John Marston: Come on… it’s perfect at night, not too guarded, it’s perfect.
Arthur Morgan: I ain’t thought it through. You know, stopping a train… pain in the ass.
John Marston: Sure, but what if… we could force a train to stop.
Arthur Morgan: Well, of course.
John Marston: We get a wagon, full of something flammable… put it on the tracks. They see it… they know they either have to stop, or die. Ain’t no train driver wants to be cooked alive.
Arthur Morgan: That is… kinda brilliant. Uh, for you. And that is a real idea… I think that’s the first time you ever had one of them.
John Marston: Shut up.
Arthur Morgan: You might be the first bastard to ever have half his… brains eaten by a wolf and end up more intelligent.
John Marston: So, we doing it?
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, we’re gonna need ammunition, guns… look real frightening… and some dynamite to open up the train.
John Marston: I’ll get the supplies… gotta head into town for Abigail anyway. Don’t even ask. You go find us an oil wagon.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, I know just the place.They’re always heading into that retinery.
John Marston: There’s an old rundown shack just over the border… north of a place called Dewberry Creek. Leave it hidden somewhere near there.
Arthur Morgan: Get.
Arthur Morgan: John.
John Marston: How did you get on?
Arthur Morgan: Good, and you?
John Marston: Got everything we need.
Arthur Morgan: Good. I think we need another man. Charles?
John Marston: I’ll go get him. Meet us at the wagon when you can.
Arthur Morgan: Sure.
John Marston: See, Arthur… I ain’t that dumb.
Arthur Morgan: Next time, let the wolves eat all your brain… then you’ll be a genius.
John Marston: 
Arthur Morgan: Well, at least it ain’t your job.
Sean MacGuire: Ah, shut up, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, your job’s starting the fights… it ain’t winning them.
Sean MacGuire: I can scrap, Arthur… I’m just no good at home work.
Arthur Morgan: I can see.
Sean MacGuire: Besides, what do you care, Englishman… you’ve got no time for me. I tried to find you work… but then you’re off cutting jobs with other folks… and your boy Sean doesn’t get a look in.
Arthur Morgan: Guess I don’t wanna get shot, that’s all.
Sean MacGuire: Ah, you’re a real fucking funny shit, Arthur Morgan, huh? Real fucking funny.
Arthur Morgan: Calm down.
Sean MacGuire: You better sleep with your eyes open.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, well you’re gonna sleep with your chest open… if you ain’t careful, boy.
Sean MacGuire: I love ya, Arthur Morgan… I love ya. Come on, take a shot. Come on, take your best shot, please.
Arthur Morgan: Grow up.
Sean MacGuire: Let me come on the raid with yous…
Arthur Morgan: Raid?
Sean MacGuire: Don’t be playing coy with me, son, it’s unbecoming. That bloody train you and him has set up. What you’re doing out here, you’re going to need guns… you’re going to need men.
Arthur Morgan: Oh, that. So Marston told you? It ain’t a big show… I need calmness. If I take you, I might as well bring Micah along.
Sean MacGuire: Compare me to that oily turd again… and you’re a dead man.
Arthur Morgan: Fair enough.
Sean MacGuire: Anyway, Arthur… what’s your problem with me? In fact don’t tell me, I already know. You’re threatened by me.
Arthur Morgan: Threatened by you?
Sean MacGuire: Yeah, my youthful vigor… it intimidates ya. It’s a story as old as the hills. The changing of the guard… the fading of the light. You’re toast, old man.
Arthur Morgan: Okay… and what are you?
Sean MacGuire: I’m the future, in all its glory.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, well good luck. Good luck and shut up. I wanna get some rest before night fall.
John Marston: What are you doing here, kid?
Sean MacGuire: I’m coming, John… on the job.
John Marston: I said you weren’t coming.
Sean MacGuire: Yeah, well Arthur says I am… and it’s his party, boy, so come on, let’s go. Me and the big cheeses, love it. Can’t wait to slit some bastard’s throat.
John Marston: You sure about this?
Arthur Morgan: No. Are we ready?
John Marston: Yeah, train’s due through tonight.
Arthur Morgan: Alright then, it’s on. Charles?
Charles Smith: I’m ready.
Arthur Morgan: Gentlemen. Let’s go earn some money.
Charles Smith: Hey… all the horses untethered?
John Marston: Think so.
Charles Smith: Good, they should follow on behind us.
Arthur Morgan: You find a good spot, Wolf Man?
John Marston: Yeah, follow the trail south west, there’s a spot that’s… remote, but should still give ‘em enough time to spot the oil wagon.
Arthur Morgan: They see this blocking the tracks, they’ll stop soon enough.
John Marston: Apparently, it picks up a new team of guards at the state line, so shouldn’t be much in the way of guns to deal with
Sean MacGuire: See, this is what I mean. I disappear for a couple of weeks and you cut me out of all the action.
John Marston: Just the action that requires a brain.
Sean MacGuire: Oh, you’re a funny feller, John Marston. From what folk say, you had your feet up the whole time playing sick, and fondling that new scar like you’re gonna buy it breakfast in the morning.
John Marston: Bear left here, towards Rhodes. You don’t know what you’re talking about.
Sean MacGuire: Stay close on this, wouldn’t want you getting scratched by a squirrel or something, that could put you outta commission for the rest of the year.
Charles Smith: Why do you have to speak so much? It’s… incessant.
Sean MacGuire: ‘Cause I’ve still got some blood in me veins! You old bastards have forgotten how to live.
John Marston: I blame you two for rescuing him.
Arthur Morgan: Far too much trouble for what we got out of it.
Sean MacGuire: Yeah, takes a whole army of bounty hunters to bring in Sean Macguire. And look at me now, in the gunner’s seat Back in business, boys! You know my da always used to say…
John Marston: Not the da, please!
Charles Smith: No, no…
Arthur Morgan: Not this again.
Sean MacGuire: Fine! Damn, you three… Sulky, Angry, Scar Face. A right barrel of laughs. So we block the tracks with the wagon then jump ‘em? That’s the plan?
Arthur Morgan: Pretty much. Charles, you deal with the engineer.
John Marston: Here’s good. Stop the wagon over the tracks. Remember, these are innocent folks. We handle this right, nobody needs to die here.
Arthur Morgan: I’m going to board, make that quick and join us on there.
Charles Smith: Nothing good… Go on, get on there!
Sean MacGuire: You bastard. All yours, captain, I’ll go on ahead.
John Marston: Everybody stay calm and nobody’ll get shot! Let’s go… everything you got! Money! Valuables! There you go… Let’s make this quick, people, come on! We ain’t leaving ‘til this bag’s full!
Passenger: I ain’t got nothing.
John Marston: You wanna have a little chat with Romeo and Juliet here?
Arthur Morgan: What’s the problem here? Money, valuables, now!
Passenger 2: Don’t do this. Just give it to him, Thomas, please!
Passenger 1: Okay, okay godammit!
John Marston: Come on! In the bag, everything you got. Keep it coming, don’t be shy.
Passenger 3: People like you make me sick.
John Marston: These two seem to think we’re playing games.
Arthur Morgan: I’m going to count to three… one… two… Goddamn it. Sick is better than dead, lady. And I’m losing my goddamn patience.
Passenger 4: Let’s just do what he says so this can be over.
John Marston: Ladies and gentlemen, this is a robbery!
Sean MacGuire: You boys need me?
Arthur Morgan: No, you go ahead and look for the baggage car.
Sean MacGuire: Right you are.
John Marston: Tough guy, huh? You sure about that?
Arthur Morgan: Quick, come on!
John Marston: Everything you got… money, valuables… We ain’t leaving ‘til this bag’s full.
Passenger 5: You won’t get a damn cent from me
John Marston: Let me hand you over to my friend then. 
Arthur Morgan: Money now! You son of a bitch.
John Marston: C’mon, cough it up, people! Don’t be shy. Everything you got, let’s go! I can handle this from here, you should check on Sean.
Arthur Morgan: What is it? You alright?
Sean MacGuire: Found the baggage car.
Arthur Morgan: For Christ’s sake. You ain’t even taken a look yet?
Sean MacGuire: There’s probably something in here, Arthur.
Micah Bell: Hey Arthur. Good to see you.
Arthur Morgan: Why? You want rescuing again, do ya?
Micah Bell: No. I got a plan to make it up to you.
Arthur Morgan: A plan like the Blackwater ferry job? Or… like you going off scouting and ending up in jail?
Micah Bell: Dutch said you was a big shadow cast by a tiny tree.
Arthur Morgan: I don’t even know what that means.
Micah Bell: I thought you was a tough boy… not one of those gentlemen… trying to protect his riding clothes.
Arthur Morgan: I just know whenever things get real… you turn yellow, and lose your head. Sure seems that way.
Micah Bell: So I guess you won’t be riding with me to rob the banking coach… comes about this time into Strawberry? I heard one of the O’Driscoll boys… Iheart one of the Driscoll boys yapping about it while I was inside.
Arthur Morgan: You and me? Do a robbery?
Micah Bell: That’s what I said didn’t I?
Arthur Morgan: After you.
Micah Bell: There’s a spot up this way with a good view of the trail.
Arthur Morgan: What are you doing anyway, camping out here like some crazy hermit?
Micah Bell: Can’t exactly stay in town now, can I? And like I told you, I ain’t going back to Dutch without a peace offering.
Arthur Morgan: So what’s the deal with this coach?
Micah Bell: What do you mean? Comes through about this time every day, like I said. The end.
Arthur Morgan: I mean… how many men? Guns? Riders?
Micah Bell: Nothing serious. It’ll be fine.
Arthur Morgan: I heard the banks been hiring every trigger man they can get of late. The meaner the better.
Micah Bell: You worry too much.
Arthur Morgan: Forgive me if I ain’t wholly faithful in something an O’Driscoll told you, when you was half-drunk in a jail cell.
Micah Bell: He kept yapping about it, saying how they been hitting it on the regular. That’s a good lead in my book.
Arthur Morgan: Damn O’Driscolls are everywhere now.
Micah Bell: Bastards got a hold of most of Big Valley. Heard they took over some big ranch, north of here.
Arthur Morgan: How the hell you and Lenny end up down here anyway?
Micah Bell: You know how it is. A few loose ends, drink here, drink there.
Arthur Morgan: What loose ends?
Micah Bell: Nothing that needs to concern you. I always pay my share.
Arthur Morgan: It concerns me, when you put us in danger and we don’t realize till it’s too late. Like that move you pulled in Strawberry, making me kill half the town just for your precious guns.
Micah Bell: Precious, they are… you need to roll a little looser, Morgan.
Arthur Morgan: Looser? I seen you come full undone more than once now. And you only been running with us a few months.
Micah Bell: Are we gonna rob this coach or bicker about it? What’s done is done.
Arthur Morgan: Guess we’re robbing it.
Micah Bell: Then let’s do it. Alright, this is the spot. Hold up on this ridge. They should be here, in a little bit. Hold tight.
Arthur Morgan: Which way will they be coming in?
Micah Bell: Should be from over there. We’ll need to hit them fast, before they get into town.
Arthur Morgan: Just don’t lose your head this time.
Micah Bell: Course, tough guy. They should be here any minute. Look, there they are… right on time. Get covered up.
Micah Bell: Come on… ride!
Arthur Morgan: Come on. Let’s see if all this was worth it.
Micah Bell: All I see is you, me, a river full of dead O’Driscolls and a lockbox. I’d say we’re golden here, Morgan. Look at that. What’s the cut here?
Arthur Morgan: Just make sure the gang gets its piece.
Micah Bell: Yeah, yeah. Like I said… big shadow, tiny tree.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, and like I said… that still don’t mean nothing. Now, get out of here. Go see Dutch… but make sure you ain’t followed.
Micah Bell: I know, boss. I know. It’s been fun!
Arthur Morgan: Whatchu up to?
Jack Marston: Playing.
Arthur Morgan: Anything fun?
Jack Marston: I guess…
Arthur Morgan: You wanna come fishing with me?
Jack Marston: Fishing?
Arthur Morgan: Sure. You’re… It’s about time that you started to earn your keep.
Jack Marston: Okay.
Arthur Morgan: Good. Let’s go get your pole then. Now you do have a fishing pole, don’t you?
Jack Marston: I sure do. Uncle Hosea made me one.
Arthur Morgan: Good. Well let’s go get it then. And go catch us some fish!
Jack Marston: Yeah!
Arthur Morgan: Alright, let’s go then.
Jack Marston: So where are we going?
Arthur Morgan: Just down to the river near here. We shouldn’t go too far from camp.
Jack Marston: Oh, okay.
Arthur Morgan: You feeling better? I know you was a little sick.
Jack Marston: Oh, I’m fine.
Arthur Morgan: You’re a brave kid.
Jack Marston: So just like you.
Arthur Morgan: Well, I don’t know about brave… I ain’t much of a kid no more… Though your momma might disagree. Her and a few other women, I guess…
Jack Marston: What do you mean?
Arthur Morgan: I’m just talking silly… It’s been a tough few weeks up in that snow.
Jack Marston: I liked the snow.
Arthur Morgan: Yes, but not like that.
Jack Marston: When are we going back to the other camp?
Arthur Morgan: The one near Blackwater? Well… we’re not. This is our spot… for now, anyway. Why? Alright, this looks as good a spot as any.
Stranger: What a fine young man… and in such complex circumstances. Arthur, isn’t it? Arthur Morgan?
Arthur Morgan: Who are you?
Stranger: Yes, Arthur Morgan… Van der Linde’s most trusted associate. You’ve read the files, typical case… orphaned street kid seduced by that maniac’s silver tongue… and matures into a degenerate murderer. Agent Milton. Agent Ross. Pinkerton Detective Agency… seconded to the United States Government. Nice to finally meet. We know a lot about you.
Arthur Morgan: Do you?
Andrew Milton: You’re a wanted man, Mr. Morgan. There’s five thousand dollars for your head alone.
Arthur Morgan: Five thousand dollars? Can I turn myself in?
Andrew Milton: We want Van der Linde.
Arthur Morgan: Old Dutch? I haven’t seen him for months.
Andrew Milton: Because I heard… a guy fitting his description robbed a train… belonging to Leviticus Cornwall up near Granite Pass.
Arthur Morgan: Oh, ain’t that a little… old fashioned nowadays?
Andrew Milton: Apparently not. Listen… this is my offer, Mr. Morgan… bring in Van der Linde… and you have my word, you won’t swing.
Arthur Morgan: Oh, I ain’t gonna swing anyways Agent, um…
Milton: Milton.
Arthur Morgan: You see, I haven’t done anything wrong… aside from not play the games to your rules.
Andrew Milton: Spare me the philosophy lesson… I’ve already heard it… from Mac Callander.
Arthur Morgan: Mac Callander?
Andrew Milton: He was pretty shot up by the time I got to him… so really it was more of a mercy killing. Slow… but merciful.
Arthur Morgan: You enjoy being a rich man’s toy do you?
Andrew Milton: I enjoy society… flaws and all. You people venerate savagery… and you will die… savagely. All of you.
Arthur Morgan: Oh, we’re all gonna die, Agent. Some of us sooner than others.
Andrew Milton: Good day, Mr. Morgan.
Arthur Morgan: Goodbye.
Edgar Ross: Enjoy your fishing, kid… while you still can.
Abigail Marston: There you are! How you boys getting on? How you boys getting on?
Jack Marston: Great, we caught a fish… and I made you this necklace.
Abigail Marston: Ain’t that pretty? Ain’t I the luckiest… Did you thank Uncle Arthur?
Arthur Morgan: No need… we had a good time.
Abigail Marston: What’s wrong?
Arthur Morgan: Nothing… just met some folk. I’d better go speak with Dutch.
Abigail Marston: Okay.
Arthur Morgan: Hey… you did real fine, kid.
Jack Marston: Thanks.
Arthur Morgan: We got a problem.
Dutch van der Linde: What?
Arthur Morgan: I just met some guys out near the river… a feller named, erm… Milton and, erm…. I don’t remember the other teller’s name.
Dutch van der Linde: Ross…
Arthur Morgan: Milton and Ross…
Dutch van der Linde: And?
Arthur Morgan: And… they are employees of the Pinkerton Detective Agency…. and they know about the train… and they know we’re here.
Dutch van der Linde: Were you followed back here?
Arthur Morgan: No… they know we’re near here… and they want you, Dutch. They offered me my freedom in exchange they did.
Dutch van der Linde: Why didn’t you take it?
Arthur Morgan: Huh, very funny… Well what do we do now?
Dutch van der Linde: I say we do nothing. just yet. They’re just trying to scare us… into doing something stupid. We have turned a corner… we survived them mountains. We just need to stay calm.
Arthur Morgan: So… feeling better? How’s the scar?
John Marston: I heal pretty fast.
Arthur Morgan: Lucky you. So you just lazing about or… you got any leads?
John Marston: Got something. You see them? 
Arthur Morgan: What, you see yourself as a shepherd now?
John Marston: Maybe… Come on.
Arthur Morgan: Well where exactly are we going?
John Marston: Collect something… help us get some sheep.
Arthur Morgan: You know that attempt to seem all… enigmatic and interesting… that might work for Dutch, but for you… it just makes you look stupid.
John Marston: Come along. You’ll see. That train job was a start, but we need more money. "Til we can get back to Blackwater and collect.
Arthur Morgan: I’m here to tell you, we try to collect that money any time soon… It’ll come with a noose.
John Marston: I was worried you’d say that. Dutch says that we…
Arthur Morgan: Dutch says a lot. Now, that’s his gift… saying things.
John Marston: Oh yeah? What do you mean by that?
Arthur Morgan: I was the prize pony once, now I’m the workhorse. Listen Dutch is… but… but, well… you was at that thing in Blackwater. And we already seen Pinkertons here. New century’s coming. This life, this way? Well, we’re the last, I reckon. And we ain’t long for it.
John Marston: Then that’s the way it goes, I guess.
Arthur Morgan: For me, yes.
John Marston: Alright…
Arthur Morgan: So where are we going?
John Marston: Just need to pick up something. There’s a hitching post over there. Tether the horse and I’ll meet you across the street.
Arthur Morgan: I already don’t like how this is going… The gun store?
John Marston: Yep, can you head in and pick up a sniper rifle? I’ll explains later.
Gunsmith: Hello, how can I help you today?
Arthur Morgan: Looking for a rifle… something with a sight on it.
Gunsmith: Shouldn’t be a problem. If you want to see what we’ve got, it’s all in the catalogue here.
Arthur Morgan: I’m gonna have to take this on… credit.
Gunsmith: Well, no, wait, we ain’t even discussed terms.
Arthur Morgan: Or I can take it in a way that… ain’t so polite?
Gunsmith: Okay, okay, fine, you can… pay me later.
John Marston: You good?
Arthur Morgan: Sure.
John Marston: Let’s go.
John Marston: Okay, I think that’s them over there.
Arthur Morgan: So what now?
John Marston: Put a shot in near them, I reckon they’ll hightail it. They’re only ranch hands. Just watch the sheep.
Arthur Morgan: Looks like one of them don’t scare too easy.
John Marston: Put another shot in close, he’ll get the message. Yep, that spooked ‘em alright. Alright, let’s go round ‘em up. Let’s go get the strays.
Auctioneer: Close her up, boys.
Arthur Morgan: There you go.
John Marston: Fine sheep.
Arthur Morgan: Well, you seen better round here?
Auctioneer: I’ve seen ones with less… ambiguity about their provenance.
Arthur Morgan: What you trying to say?
Auctioneer: I’m trying to say… you give me twenty five percent kick back… and I won’t say nothing to nobody.
Rancher: Everything alright here?
Arthur Morgan: Excuse me?
Auctioneer: Sure, I’ll excuse you… for twenty five percent.
Arthur Morgan: Do you want me to put another hole in your head?
Auctioneer: Folks swing for rustling livestock. Twenty five percent.
John Marston: Fifteen.
Auctioneer: Twenty.
John Marston: Eighteen.
Auctioneer: Done. Calm yourself, friend. Just think of it as… I’m buying your sins.
Arthur Morgan: You’re buying, but we’re paying.
Rancher: Go on, now.
Auctioneer: Come back after the auction, you’ll get your money.
John Marston: Dutch is waiting for us at the saloon.
Arthur Morgan: He is?
Dutch van der Linde: Drink?
Arthur Morgan: Sure.
Dutch van der Linde: Nothing like talking to old Strauss to make you… want to blow your own brains out. I should have left him where I found him all those years ago. Bookish little Austrian fresh off the boat, his eyes out on stalks.
Arthur Morgan: Well, I guess the… Dutch van der Linde finishing school has some strange graduates.
Dutch van der Linde: That it does. To your good health.
Arthur Morgan: Thank you.
Stranger: Van der Linde! Get out here. Get out here now!
Dutch van der Linde: What the hell…
Stranger: Van der Linde! You don’t know me… but you keep robbing me. My name is Leviticus Cornwall. I am not a man to be messed with by the likes of you. Get out here, before I have these men killed!
Dutch van der Linde: Constipated as usual.
Arthur Morgan: So, we moving?
Dutch van der Linde: Micah told me of a place we can lie low. Look here… Dewberry Creek, he said. Maybe you and Charles can go take a look… clear off anyone you find… before the whole lot of us move in… looking so conspicuous.
Arthur Morgan: And how we gonna do that?
Dutch van der Linde: I don’t know. Start dancing?
Arthur Morgan: Looks like I’ve turned into the goddamn errand boy. 
Dutch van der Linde: You have turned into my son… you worry, because I worry. We are just the same.
Arthur Morgan: Charles, come with me. We got work to do.
Charles Smith: Sure, this can wait.
Charles Smith: It’s okay… you can come outta there. You okay? We don’t mean you no harm.
Arthur Morgan: He said a-are you okay?
Mother: Sprechen sie Deutsch? G-German?
Arthur Morgan: No… now go on, get out of here. Go, we need the land. Go. Get the hell outta here.
Daughter: They took our father.
Charles Smith: Who did?
Daughter: M-men… last night.
Charles Smith: Where? Where did they take him?
Arthur Morgan: Ain’t no business of ours. I don’t even speak their language.
Charles Smith: You ain’t as tough and dense as all that. Come on, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: So where is this guy?
Charles Smith: I don’t know… but you know something? This is a better camp spot than back there. Much easier to defend.
Arthur Morgan: Maybe… This looks like our feller, Charles.
Settler In German: Help.
Charles Smith: Quick, cut him free and let’s get outta here.
Settler In German: Over here. Careful! Careful! It’s a trap! Careful!
Arthur Morgan: Take cover!
Settler In German: Oh, thank god. Darling!
Mother In German: I thought you were dead…
Settler In German: I nearly was. My darlings… my precious darlings. Wonderful.
Mother In German: You are a great man… a great man. We are blessed… to have met you. Thanks.
Arthur Morgan: Go on now, get outta here. This place ain’t safe. Get outta here!
Settler In German: Yes, yes, we’re leaving.
Arthur Morgan: Vamos! 
Settler In German: I have something for you. Just a second. Thank you. Thank you.
Dutch van der Linde: How are you, boys?
Sheriff: Fine.
Dutch van der Linde: This is quite some country you have here.
Sheriff: We like it well enough.
Dutch van der Linde: Hoagy Macintosh, at your service.
Sheriff: Leigh Gray. This is my deputy, Archibald MacGregor.
Dutch van der Linde: It is good to meet you.
Sheriff: You a Scot?
Dutch van der Linde: Partly… the best part.
Sheriff: Of course.
Dutch van der Linde: Now, tell me sir… what did the silly fancy fop back there do? Nothing too terrible I trust.
Sheriff: He was accused of running a gold mining investment scam.
Dutch van der Linde: Well, allow us to help, my friend. Arthur…
Arthur Morgan: Chase wanted men?
Dutch van der Linde: A-and, and… Take Archibald with ya.
Arthur Morgan: Just what I signed up for… come on, big guy.
Dutch van der Linde: Perhaps we can discuss the foolish magician?
Archibald MacGregor: Let’s go! After that train! And do not shoot them, you hear me? Come on, hurry.
Arthur Morgan: All right.
Archibald MacGregor: Come on, we’re losing them.
Arthur Morgan: Will you relax? We’re not losing ’em.
Archibald MacGregor: Faster, come on. What’s your name, sir?
Arthur Morgan: Arthur. Callahan.
Archibald MacGregor: Faster, Mr. Callahan, please. My neck is on the line here.
Arthur Morgan: I get it. I’m doing my best. So what are these fellers wanted for? Looks like the son of a bitch is gonna make it. You sure I can’t just shoot him?
Archibald MacGregor: No. Did I not say that?
Arthur Morgan: You’ve said plenty.
Anderson Boy: Dumb bastard cop! Goddamn cowards hiding behind that badge.
Archibald MacGregor: Hello? Is everything alright in there?
Arthur Morgan: Well… I don’t think he’s dead… but I think I won the fight… just about.
Archibald MacGregor: Bring him out here.
Arthur Morgan: Deputy.
Archibald MacGregor: Sounded like quite a commotion. Is that him?
Arthur Morgan: I sincerely hope so.
Archibald MacGregor: Old Ander Anderson.
Arthur Morgan: So, what now?
Archibald MacGregor: We take him in, come on. A fine job, well done. And a pat on the back for me for stopping the train. There you go, you’re a natural. Alright, let’s take him in. Follow me.
Arthur Morgan: What about the others?
Hosea Matthews: Alright, gentlemen, follow me.
Dutch van der Linde: So how far is this creek?
Hosea Matthews: It’s a bit of a ride still. And it’s not a creek. It’s the same lake we camped on, just a different part. It’ll be worth it… I saw some big drum and sturgeon there… should be rock bass, bluegills, perch, pickerel too. It’s a good spot.
Dutch van der Linde: We’ll see if you’re as good at catching fish as you are at catching criminals, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Trelawny owes me for that.
Hosea Matthews: Trelawny owes… everyone for something, but his information is good.
Dutch van der Linde: Plus we are now ingratiated with the local law. I’d say it was a worthwhile diversion all round.
Arthur Morgan: Where is this spot, Hosea? Timbuktu?
Hosea Matthews: Not too much farther. Anyway, you two never told me properly about that business with Cornwall in Valentine? What happened there? Apart from scaring the living daylights out of Mr. Strauss.
Arthur Morgan: That was about the only upside. John and I didn’t even have time to get paid for the sheep we rustled.
Dutch van der Linde: It is safe to Mr. Cornwall isn’t a man to let bygones be bygones.
Arthur Morgan: Ambushed us in the saloon. He came with a lot of guards and what seemed like just about every lawman in the county.
Dutch van der Linde: We’ve had closer shaves, but not that many
Hosea Matthews: And if Cornwall found us, the Pinkertons couldn’t have been far behind.
Arthur Morgan: They found me when I was fishing with Jack, remember?
Dutch van der Linde: Listen, it was good we moved when we did, but that mess is behind us now.
Hosea Matthews: Yes… Jack told me you were a good teacher when you took him fishing. I said he must have you confused with someone else. 
Arthur Morgan: So, you’re going back to see that Sheriff Gray?
Dutch van der Linde: Yeah, I don’t see why not. They don’t know who we are down here.
Arthur Morgan: He didn’t seem the sharpest of tacks. Neither did that deputy.
Dutch van der Linde: If he thinks we can be useful to him, he can certainly be useful to us. A little hiding in plain sight.
Arthur Morgan: I feel like we’re always hiding in plain sight.
Dutch van der Linde: But sometimes more smartly than others.
Hosea Matthews: This is the spot, down to the left there. I saw some boats around last time. Be good to get to deeper water.
Arthur Morgan: Hey, those the boats you mean?
Hosea Matthews: Yes, good.
Hosea Matthews: I’m sure nobody would mind if we borrowed one of these. Come on. Alright… this looks like a fine vessel.
Dutch van der Linde: Okay… come on, Arthur, let’s get her in the water.
Hosea Matthews: I got a good feeling about fishing here… supposed to be some incredible sturgeon.
Arthur Morgan: Okay, here we go. Let me row… you boys are too old for real labor no more.
Hosea Matthews: And you’re too dumb for anything else. 
Arthur Morgan: You’re still too quick for me, old man.
Hosea Matthews: I enjoy picking on children… Now take us to the deeper water… and pray for… good luck and stupid fish.
Arthur Morgan: But what about stupid luck and good fish?
Hosea Matthews: That’ll do too. Get us a bit deeper. I think here’s good.
Dutch van der Linde: Alright, good luck gentlemen.
Hosea Matthews: Should really come here at dawn or dusk. That’s when you catch the best fish. We should use a lake lure, that’ll give us a much better chance of hooking something big like a sturgeon.
Arthur Morgan: What’s wrong with a good old worm?
Hosea Matthews: Worms are good for tiddlers like bluegill and rockbass, but you’d have to be real lucky to catch a sturgeon with one.
Dutch van der Linde: Lures it is then. You heard the expert, Arthur. Let’s bait up.
Hosea Matthews: Keep the lure moving slowly on the water so it looks like a little fish just asking to be eaten. You got a bite. You hooked him.
Dutch van der Linde: I think that’s a bite. There, hooked him.
Arthur Morgan: Hey, look at this beauty.
Hosea Matthews: There you go.
Dutch van der Linde: Well done, Arthur.
Hosea Matthews: They can grow a lot bigger than that. Feller told me he once saw a monster lake sturgeon near the mouth of the river just southwest of Saint Denis. Fifty-pounder, he reckoned.
Dutch van der Linde: I’d like to see that.
Arthur Morgan: Hey, I reckon we call it a day, fellers.
Hosea Matthews: Already?
Arthur Morgan: You ain’t been chasing down outlaws.
Dutch van der Linde: Alright, think we got a decent haul here. Pearson will be happy. Should we head back?
Hosea Matthews: We could keep the boat, not too far back to camp from here.
Dutch van der Linde: Good idea, could be useful.
Arthur Morgan: What about the horses?
Dutch van der Linde: Oh, they’ll find their way back.
Hosea Matthews: Just follow the shore south, Arthur.
Dutch van der Linde: That was fun. Thanks you boys. Now, Hosea…
Dutch van der Linde: How about a song?
Hosea Matthews: Okay… alright, I’ve got one for you.
Dutch, Arthur & Hosea: I asked that gal to give me some… mmm hmmm, mmm hmmm. I asked that gal to give me some… she says ’wait untill the taters is done’ mmm hmmm, mmm hmmm. I couldn’t wait till the taters was done… mmm hmmm, mmm hmmm. I couldn’t wait till the taters was done… threw her on the floor and knocked out some… mmm hmmm, mmm hmmm. I wish to God I’d passed her by… mmm hmmm, mmm hmmm. I wish to God I’d passed her by… Taters got burnt and so did I. Mmm hmmm, mmm hmmm.
Dutch van der Linde: That was… that was pretty good… but you know what song we should be singing?
Hosea Matthews: What?
Dutch van der Linde: Well, look at us… three mariners.
Hosea Matthews: Ah, of course.
Dutch, Arthur & Hosea: Well, we be three poor mariners, newly come from the seas. We spend our lives in jeopardy, while others live at ease. Shall we go dance this round a round a round… shall we go dance this round a round a round. And he that is a bully boy… come pledge me on this ground, a ground, a ground. We care not for those martial men, that do our states disdain. But we care for the merchant men, who do our states maintain. To them we dance this round a round a round… to them we dance this round a round a round. And he that is a bully boy… come pledge me on this ground, a ground, a ground, a ground, a ground, a ground, a ground.
Dutch van der Linde: Oh bravo! Bravo. Well you know, we should not let the folks back at camp… think that we had too much fun.
Hosea Matthews: Indeed not.
Dutch van der Linde: Alright… well, I mean we… are gonna be okay. I know… I always know… whenever I got… you two by my side… you two by my side… things are gonna be just fine. This place will be good for us. This place will be soad for us. For now, anyway.
Hosea Matthews: I hope so.
Sadie Adler: So I’ve graduated from chopping vegetables to shopping?
Arthur Morgan: Shut your goddamn mouth… You cooled down then yet?
Sadie Adler: I guess. And I ain’t no scullion, and I sure as hell ain’t taking orders from that sweating halfwit.
Arthur Morgan: Well, I guess we all gotta do our share, Princess.
Sadie Adler: Where’s that letter?
Arthur Morgan: Oh, you reading his mail now?
Sadie Adler: Oh, robbing and killing’s okay, but letter reading’s where we draw the line?
Arthur Morgan: Here.
Sadie Adler: "Dear Aunt Cathy."
Arthur Morgan: You are something else…
Sadie Adler: "I haven’t heard from you in some time, so I prayed to the Lord above that your health has not deteriorated further”…. blah blah blah, it’s boring… Oh! Wait a sec. Listen to this… "Since we last corresponded, I have traveled widely, making no small name for myself."
Sadie Adler: So? What’s the plan? I shoot the shopkeeper while you…
Arthur Morgan: No. You insane?
Sadie Adler: Well, I thought we was outlaws…
Arthur Morgan: Outlaws… not idiots. We rob fools that rob other people. These people, they’re just trying to get by. So you head on in there, and you buy us some food to eat. And no guns…
Sadie Adler: Are you sure?
Arthur Morgan: This time. There’ll be time for killing soon enough.
Sadie Adler: What are you doing?
Arthur Morgan: I’m gonna go check the mail, nothing exciting…
Civilian: What did you get there, Harold?
Civilian 2: Nothing.
Civilian 1: What you mean nothing? What’s in the parcel?
Civilian 2: Look… It’s some ointment, alright… for a private matter.
Stranger: Hey there.
Arthur Morgan: Hey.
Stranger: What are you folks up to?
Arthur Morgan: Just heading home.
Stranger: You’re in Lemoyne Raider country. You need to pay a toll to pass through here.
Arthur Morgan: Keep it cool, Sadie. No, I don’t think so.
Stranger: You don’t think so? How about you pull over right now?
Arthur Morgan: Pull over?
Stranger: That’s what I said.
Sadie Adler: Hey, how’s about this?
Dutch van der Linde: Of course, of course. Oh. Oh, and here is my dear friend, Arthur Callahan. Boy is a hunter… boy is a killer. Arthur, you’ve met but not been introduced to Mr… oh, I’m so sorry, Sheriff Gray.
Sheriff Gray: How are you doing, sir?
Arthur Morgan: I’m fine.
Sheriff Gray: Tough business you boys had.
Arthur Morgan: We did?
Sheriff Gray: Oh there’s no need to pretend with me, sir… life can be tough.
Arthur Morgan: So it can.
Sheriff Gray: And no man owes another anything.
Arthur Morgan: No, sir.
Sheriff Gray: But still, I feel you were hard done by… losing your employment like that. But still, here in Rhodes we have work enough for honest men.
Arthur Morgan: That’s some strong stuff. Still… don’t seem to be doing you any harm, I guess.
Dutch van der Linde: I told you we was moving up in this world. Deputies.
Arthur Morgan: You have finally lost your mind.
Dutch van der Linde: Amongst these drunkards, hillbillies, and slavers… good honest thieves like us… we’re bound to be moralizers in a place like this. Oh, Sheriff Gray… Oh, Sheriff Gray you are back.
Sheriff Gray: Now listen, sir… there is shine in them woods though. And it is costing this county its good name… and the state a whole lot of income. You boys wouldn’t mind rooting it out… maybe we’ll make you permanent. I gotta sit me down a second.
Dutch van der Linde: Not a problem, sir, not a problem at all. You are in safe hands now. And people waste time with the temperance movement. Liquor never dulled a good man’s senses.
Bill Williamson: Come here. Right, let’s gather them up.
Dutch van der Linde: Just drop him with the others.
Arthur Morgan: I think that’s it.
Dutch van der Linde: Well, what do we do now?
Archibald MacGregor: We better destroy all this. Any of your boys can handle explosives?
Arthur Morgan: Sure, anyone but him. That is the last time I’ll mention it, I swear.
Bill Williamson: Yeah, I’m sure.
Dutch van der Linde: Ah… seems like we failed to destroy… the last of the moonshine.
Archibald MacGregor: Sure…
Dutch van der Linde: Would you like us to?
Archibald MacGregor: Well, I normally take it for personal consumption… it’s sorta part of the job. But, I better get back home. Why don’t I just take a jug or two… and leave you boys the rest… to show that there’s no hard feelings… on account of the war. 
Dutch van der Linde: We are all Americans.
Archibald MacGregor: My cousin… he used to say… "Some of us is not as American as others." If you know what I mean… only I didn’t quite. Come on you degenerate… no good, white trash… hillbilly piece of scum. I know you, Billy Lime… and you’ve always been… a piece of crap. Come on, move it. Move it!
Dutch van der Linde: Finally… We have alighted… on a land so stupid… a backwater so backwards… that even we are like geniuses. Bill! Get this stuff outta here! Come on, you ride with me.
Bill Williamson: Should I stash this somewhere near camp, boss?
Dutch van der Linde: Yes, show it to Hosea, I’m sure he can find a use for it. Bit of trouble back there, Arthur?
Arthur Morgan: Ain’t there always? From what they was yelling, I think they were the buyers.
Dutch van der Linde: Old Archibald didn’t ask too many questions so neither should we.
Arthur Morgan: I ain’t planning to.
Dutch van der Linde: That was worth the effort, though. Deputized and hiding in plain sight. These lawmen, these two families… I mean, I really think we can play this from all sides. It’s got Hosea written all over it.
Arthur Morgan: This is starting to sound like the young Dutch again.
Dutch van der Linde: What do you mean, "Young Dutch"? I’m as strong as I have ever been. Hey, you know what… why don’t race you back?
Arthur Morgan: Okay, you’re on.
Dutch van der Linde: That’s the spirit. Okay… on my word… set… Go!
Arthur Morgan: I don’t know who’s more past it, you or your horse!
Dutch van der Linde: Oh, I’m going to enjoy wiping that smirk off your face!
Arthur Morgan: It’s sad to think back to you in your prime.
Dutch van der Linde: I never knew you were quite so good… at running away, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Well, I never knew age… had slowed you down quite so much.
Dutch van der Linde: Well, time is a bastard. When you get to be my age… well, you’ll know that better than anything. Be well. I had fun with you today. You’re… I was gonna say you’re like a son to me… but you’re more than that.
Arthur Morgan: You got my money?
Beau Gray: Sure. Did she give anything… for me?
Arthur Morgan: Yes.
Beau Gray: Might I have it?
Arthur Morgan: Sure… but it’ll cost you. Oh, I can’t be bothered. Here, take it.
Beau Gray: Thank you, Arthur… you’re… Thank you.
Beau Gray: My God… what a woman. She’s… This’ll get her killed for sure. Women’s suffrage. Round here, they don’t even like men voting. They’d bring back the monarchy given half the chance. Progress is a dirty word in these parts… unlike incest.
Arthur Morgan: Excuse me?
Beau Gray: I don’t wanna marry my cousin Mathilda. I wanna marry Penelope. But they’re gonna… They’ll kill her at one of those rallies they’re holding. They’ve done it before. Mister, you gotta help.
Arthur Morgan: No, I’m afraid I don’t want no part of it.
Beau Gray: I’ll pay. My family, we’ve still got some money.
Arthur Morgan: Fine. Just no more running round with letters.
Beau Gray: Thank you. Come on, we’d better get going.
Ms Calhoon: Our message will be delivered peaceably, Mr. Morgan. You can keep your shotgun to yourself. Stay on Main Street. It’s a left up here, Mr. Morgan. Look at these people. It’s about to get exciting… I can feel it.
Arthur Morgan: I believe you might be right.
Ms Calhoon: Good day, Sheriff! I trust you’ll make sure it’s a peaceful assembly?
Arthur Morgan: Easy there…
Heckler: Head home! Head home!
Ms Calhoon: Oh, do give it a rest. You sorry fool! Mr. Morgan, I give you the male of the species.
Arthur Morgan: That’s a pretty dumb specimen, I grant it.
Ms Calhoon: A little further please. Stop just past the bank. This spot is fine, sir… Ladies, get down.
Heckler: Come on, boys. It looks like the circus is in town.
Heckler: Go home!
Heckler: You shut your mouth. What you doing here?
Heckler: What the hell is going on?
Heckler: Oh my God. Whatever you say… you don’t even know what you’re saying.
Heckler: Come on, get outta here. You should be with your children.
Heckler: Go home!
Ms Calhoon: Ladies and gentlemen, this is a great day for all of us. For today is the day we begin to live as equals.
Heckler: Equals? Ha!
Ms Calhoon: Yes, equals, sir. Fair and equal.
Heckler: This is unnatural… this is nonsense.
Ms Calhoon: Fair, equal and free… just as the Founding Fathers intended.
Heckler: Founding Fathers, not Founding Mothers… you silly old goat.
Heckler: That’s right, you tell her!
Scott: Hey! What the hell you doing here, boy?
Protestor: Keep your voice down. I’m trying to listen to the speech.
Beau Gray: Hello, darling cousin…
Scott: Don’t you ever speak to me like that! What are you doing here?
Beau Gray: Listening, I suppose…
Penelope Braithwaite: Go help Beau… his cousin is a moron… and stop them from ruining the speech.
Arthur Morgan: Sure.
Scott: You’ll learn yourself some manners, cousin.
Beau Gray: Haven’t you got anything better to do?
Scott: You always was a… cocky little…
Arthur Morgan: Beau. Weren’t we just leaving?
Scott: Who the hell is this?
Arthur Morgan: Follow me around here.
Scott: Come on.
Arthur Morgan: Come on, Beau. Let’s go. Quick now. I’m sorry, friend… let the women speak! Your silly cousin, he meant no harm… look at him!
Scott: Who the hell are you?
Hosea Matthews: Oh… relax, I ain’t here to rob you. Though it seems that’s easy enough. Wanna do a deal. What do you sell that stuff for?
Catherine Braithwaite: Dollar a bottle.
Hosea Matthews: Then give us fifty cents.
Catherine Braithwaite: It’s already ours.
Hosea Matthews: Look on it as a reward, for finding the property. Alternative is we go sell it someplace else.
Braithwaite: The alternative is you get shot.
Hosea Matthews: Now, who wants to get shot over a bottle or two of liquor?
Catherine Braithwaite: Pay the man.
Hosea Matthews: Pleasure doing business with you. And, listen… we didn’t take it… least not without orders from…
Catherine Braithwaite: Oh, I know exactly who gave you your orders. Old Sheriff Gray. You know what? I don’t want it. In fact, sir, now you can do me a favor… there’s an extra ten bucks if you do. Drive the stuff into Rhodes… head over to the tavern run by Mr. Gray… and give the stuff out for free.
Gareth Braithwaite: Momma!
Catherine Braithwaite: Hush now. I believe they call that a promotional expense.
Hosea Matthews: As you wish, madam.
Catherine Braithwaite: You boys come back sometime and tell me how you made out. Maybe we’ll play a little cribbage.
Hosea Matthews: Alright, next stop: the Rhodes saloon.
Arthur Morgan: Here we go.
Hosea Matthews: So I finally sold those Cornwall bonds. Got close to a thousand for ’em. I wanted more, but not bad considering how hot they were, especially after that bloodbath in Valentine.
Arthur Morgan: No, not bad at all.
Hosea Matthews: Apparently, Cornwall’s been pumping a lot of cash into the Pinkertons. Wants to keep their full effort on going after gangs… gangs like us.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah… that don’t surprise me.
Hosea Matthews: Alright… this could get ugly… You and Dutch already have that… thing going on in town with… the sheriff.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, Mr. Gray.
Hosea Matthews: That’s it. Now we’re… Inserting ourselves in his blood feud… We’ll need something.
Arthur Morgan: I ain’t playing dress up. You know how I feel about that.
Hosea Matthews: Of course you’re not. You’re… you’re a clown’s… idiot… brother.
Arthur Morgan: Hosea, please…
Hosea Matthews: I’m the clown… You’re the idiot. Just… look… sad and keep quiet. Even you can do that, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Do I have to?
Hosea Matthews: Put this hat on… Smoke this pipe. Bring your lip forward, just a bit… squint… Oh, perfect.
Arthur Morgan: What about you?
Hosea Matthews: Shh… You can’t speak. You’re turned idiot… Quite broke poor mammy’s heart. There there, Fenton, there there. Don’t get mad, now. Okay, Fenton, stay calm now… for momma, she loved you so… Just a shame you had to strangle her in a rage, right… grab two cases of that stuff and follow me.
Hosea Matthews: Gentlemen, gentlemen! Quite the town you have here, we just rode in from up north. Hello… hello, I’m Melvin. This is my brother, Fenton. Don’t mind him, don’t madden him, he’s turned idiot. Killed our mother, but it weren’t his fault. How’d you boys… how’d you boys like a couple of bucks? I bet you would… One for each of yous. We’re in the new trade of advertising which is an American art form about… ensuring people buy the correct things.
Bartender: I don’t know…
Hosea Matthews: One more dollar says give us half an hour, what harm can we do in half an hour? Go along now… enjoy the money! Come along Fenton… just hand out the liquor.
Hosea Matthews: Gentlemen… Gentlemen! My name is Melvin. That’s my brother Fenton… he’s a bit funny, but boy can he pour drinks last. For the next thirty minutes… the drinks in this here bar, in this here town… are entirely free!
Molly O’Shea: Hey, Arthur… can I have a quick word?
Arthur Morgan: Yes, Miss O’Shea?
Molly O’Shea: Ah, call me Molly would ya? Arthur, how is Dutch? I mean, how does he seem to you?
Arthur Morgan: About the same as usual, I guess.
Molly O’Shea: I… I really love him you know… but if he… Like he always says, loyalty is everything, so…
Uncle: Arthur! Excuse me, Miss O’Shea.
Arthur Morgan: What you want?
Uncle: I bring a gift… the great gift of information.
Arthur Morgan: So, you got some tip off, so now…I can risk my neck, and make you some money… while you lounge around.
Uncle: You know, Arthur, bitterness, it works on the inside… as well as on your sour face.
Arthur Morgan: If you say so… but you can go find some other fool to run your errands.
Uncle: Bill, come on over here… will you be my other fool? You too, Charles.
Bill Williamson: What are you talking about?
Uncle: Arthur’s above a little stick up I heard about.
Arthur Morgan: No I’m not.
Uncle: Well you just said…
Arthur Morgan: Hey, I’ll do it… as long as you ride with us.
Uncle: I got a serious medical condition.
Arthur Morgan: Yes, you are a compulsive liar.
Uncle: No need to be like that. Charles, have I ever lied to you?
Charles Smith: I hardly know you.
Uncle: Exactly. Now you boys should do this, it’s easy… and I’ll only take a small commission for my information… but it’s now or never.
Arthur Morgan: Then it’s never.
Uncle: Oh, God help me… Fine, I’ll do it.
Arthur Morgan: Well, what is it?
Uncle: It’s a supply wagon carrying payroll… but very briefly unguarded apparently… as it passes through a crossroads near here… where there’s an old ruined church… before it connects with the rest of the wagon train. Very easy pickings.
Arthur Morgan: As long as we get paid or, you get shot… I’m happy.
Uncle: You are a sick man, Arthur Morgan… a very sick man indeed. Come on then, you miserable bastards.
Charles Smith: Go on… get outta here.
Arthur Morgan: Get outta here, go on… I’ll see you later. Alright, let’s get outta sight. Come on. We’ll stay until dark and… and then we’ll sneak outta here. Charles, you keep watch for now. While, we uh… get some rest.
Arthur Morgan: Alright… let’s try and get outta here.
Uncle: Absolutely.
Arthur Morgan: Shut up, old man.
Uncle: Look, I was just trying…
Charles Smith: There’s a light… over by the house.
Arthur Morgan: Damn.
Guard: Get out here.
Arthur Morgan: L-L-L-L-Let’s just… keep this calm.
Guard: Get out here right now, I know you’re in there!
Squatter: Don’t shoot!
Arthur Morgan: See what happens.
Guard: Open it up!
Squatter: I ain’t got, I ain’t got nothing to rob, mister.
Guard 2: Is this your place?
Squatter: Kinda…
Guard 2: And you didn’t hear nothing?
Squatter: I-I… I…
Guard 2: Why don’t you just tell me, partner, what you heard. Go ahead, go ahead. Tell me what you heard.
Squatter: I don’t… maybe I heard some noises out by the barn a while ago? Ain’t me.
Guard 2: Better not be… All right. Cooperforth, Lowe… go check out the… the barn.
Guard 1: Sir.
Lenny Summers: Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Yes, kid.
Lenny Summers: You got a lot on?
Arthur Morgan: Nah, just hunting for all this hillbilly gold that Dutch and Hosea seem to think is… out there just waiting to be stolen. Why?
Lenny Summers: I got something could be good.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah?
Lenny Summers: Yeah, I was in Rhodes talking to some of the colored folk… they said there’s a gang of fools holed up in the swamps east of here… who think their war ain’t never ended.
Arthur Morgan: The Civil War?
Lenny Summers: Yeah, apparently it’s still raging in these fools minds thirty years later.
Arthur Morgan: Okay.
Lenny Summers: That ain’t my point. These ignorant fools are weapon dealers… and in their dealings, sometimes sit on a decent pile of cash. Yeah, been selling weapons to Cuba and South America for years. Anyway, the old boy I was talking to… reckon there might be a bunch of cash just sitting around. And failing that… maybe a nice stash of weapons.
Arthur Morgan: With just a bunch of crazies guarding it?
Lenny Summers: Exactly.
Arthur Morgan: Well… worth taking a look at least, isn’t it?
Lenny Summers: That was my thinking. Said it was at some place called Shady Belle… deep in the woods.
Arthur Morgan: Okay 
Lenny Summers: I was hoping you’d be in. If it’s how they told it, it’s going to be something alright.
Arthur Morgan: We’ll see.
Lenny Summers: Come on, it’s this way. On me.
Arthur Morgan: You know, I might have met these crazies before.
Lenny Summers: You been drinking again?
Arthur Morgan: Well, yes. But, no, that’s not how I might have met them. I think some of them harangued me and Sadie, when we were coming back with supplies.
Lenny Summers: Mrs. Adler?
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, and Mrs. Adler did just fine. More than fire, actually. She’s terrifying. But I got a notion these fellers is one and the same.
Lenny Summers: We won’t find no shortage of angry peckerwood idiots in the state of Lemoyne, that’s for sure.
Arthur Morgan: It really that different in this state? We haven’t come far.
Lenny Summers: It seems like it is.
Arthur Morgan: These boys got a manner about ’em… but I haven’t necessarily noticed…
Lenny Summers: All respect, Mr. Morgan, you wouldn’t notice. Might call you a nigger lover, they see us riding like this… but most of it’s a… a glance, or a word…. my and after that… a visit in the night.
Arthur Morgan: Out West is…
Lenny Summers: Out West is out West… and you’re all who you are… decent folks… but some places down here… they judge differently.
Arthur Morgan: Then… I guess It can’t be so easy for you, Lenny. I’m sorry you’re caught up in this.
Lenny Summers: Well… I guess their gold’s still shiny… and their guns still shoot. So I’m game for robbing any and every one of these bastards for all they got.
Arthur Morgan: Okay then!
Lenny Summers: Plus, it beats being lynched back in Blackwater, with all of you by my side.
Arthur Morgan: I guess it does.
Lenny Summers: Feels like we’re close… it’s a rundown old plantation house… down in the bayou somewhere.
Arthur Morgan: Let’s take it slow. Be cautious… If, like you say, these are crazies sitting on weapons, we’re going to want to strategize a little, before getting shot at.
Lenny Summers: Of course… They said find the old battle field and keep on going.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, I been here before… I can see the wrecked old civil war weaponry… but where’re the wrecked old civil war hold-outs?
Lenny Summers: See the church up ahead? They’re supposed to use it as an outpost. Heard they got men going between here and the big house all day.
Arthur Morgan: Okay.
Lenny Summers: Look at this Meld… imagine getting caught up in a fight like this.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah. I don’t care to. Hold those reigns in… let’s just take a look around the place.
Lenny Summers: I hear you. It doesn’t look like anyone’s here.
Arthur Morgan: We don’t know that for sure… let’s have us a nosey.
Lenny Summers: Hear that? Someone’s on the track. Look there, a wagon.
Arthur Morgan: Let’s see where he’s going. You’re on me now.
Lenny Summers: Right behind you.
Arthur Morgan: Let’s keep our distance… just two fellers out on the road…
Lenny Summers: Those crates in the back… they look like explosives to you?
Arthur Morgan: Could be… worth a follow, at least.
Lenny Summers: I think I see something… end of the avenue, between the trees.
Arthur Morgan: Might be it… might be. Keep it steady.
Lenny Summers: Hey, big plantation house must be Shady Belle. I reckon we can leave our mounts up there, off the trail.
Arthur Morgan: Good enough to me.
Lenny Summers: Come on, we can get a view on them from the wall up here. Bring your sighted rifle, okay? I’ll take the other side. You get in cover there. Well you see anything?
Arthur Morgan: Yes. Yes… they’re here all right, and they’re armed… almost a militia…
Lenny Summers: We came all the way out here… can you look again to see if you spot anything?
Arthur Morgan: I know dynamite crates when I see them.
Lenny Summers: We got something, right?
Arthur Morgan: Oh we got something… We can hit ’em head on, fight ’em honest. Or you could go down there acting friendly.
Lenny Summers: Friendly? With these folks?
Arthur Morgan: Just draw ’em into one spot… then I’ll start shooting.
Lenny Summers: Well that might be the dumbest idea I’ve ever heard. But hey, I’m always up for a performance.
Arthur Morgan: We’re gonna hit ’em head on. You save your play acting for Hosea and the girls.
Lenny Summers: Fine by me. Waiting on you.
Arthur Morgan: Leonard, Leonard, Leonard.
Lenny Summers: I’m looking, alright? I can’t see anyone chasing us.
Arthur Morgan: I should think we’re out of the woods then, so to speak.
Lenny Summers: Boy, oh boy.
Arthur Morgan: You did good.
Lenny Summers: We did it.
Arthur Morgan: Well, let’s get to camp before saying anything like that.
Lenny Summers: I know Sean’s been bringing in quite a lot lately… and I wanted to… it’s good to have something to show like this.
Arthur Morgan: Sean’s a loud mouth braggart… don’t worry ’bout what Sean does.
Lenny Summers: Hey, I like him, you know?
Arthur Morgan: Well, so do l… against my better judgement… just, you worry about you. He wasn’t on Leviticus Cornwall’s train with me, we had to dig him out of Blackwater…
Lenny Summers: But…
Arthur Morgan: But nothing. Me and Dutch, and everyone who counts, we know what you do for this gang. We notice. Keep it up, you’re going to start seeing things change for you.
Lenny Summers: Okay then. Okay. Thank you, Arthur. Hey, the camp’s in these trees up here.
Arthur Morgan: Let’s get there.
Lenny Summers: Arthur, Lenny, coming back.
Arthur Morgan: These are fine rifles. I’m gonna keep one just for me. Hey… I always enjoy riding with you, kid. You know how to fight.
Lenny Summers: Hey, you too. Anytime, Arthur.
Dutch van der Linde: Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: What now? You sweating yet, Dutch?
Dutch van der Linde: Of course I’m sweating. We’re in some disease-ridden, swampy, dixie-whistling shithole.
Arthur Morgan: I meant about what Trelawny said, about these bounty hunters?
Dutch van der Linde: Not sweating as such, but maybe a little gentle perspiration. Until we know more, ain’t too much harm wasting good, liquor on sweating.
Arthur Morgan: So?
Dutch van der Linde: So, I think you should pay Mr. Trelawny a visit and find out exactly what he knows and who he spoke to. Take Charles with you. Oh, the sight of the pair of you would make a statue sing out its secrets.
Arthur Morgan: Okay. 
Charles Smith: So… where are we going?
Arthur Morgan: Dutch wants us to have a… talk, with Trelawny, about these bounty hunters who are coming for us. Hoping he can tell us who they are, or where they’re coming from
Charles Smith: Okay. And you’re deputies now?
Arthur Morgan: Something like that. Soon as we laid eyes on that fool of a sheriff who runs that town, I knew Dutch was going to play him like a fiddle.
Charles Smith: On the run from one bunch of lawmen, working for another. Interesting.
Arthur Morgan: "Hiding in plain sight," Dutch calls it. 
Charles Smith: So, spirits seem good… in the new camp, I mean.
Arthur Morgan: We got some space between us and that mess now. Ain’t seen no more Pinkertons for a while. There’s these bounty hunters of course, but… Dutch don’t seem too worried about it.
Charles Smith: Can’t believe they’re still coming after us. We didn’t even get away with the money!
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, but they don’t know that.
Charles Smith: Of course… Trelawny. I’ve only met him a couple of times, but he’s… he’s a strange one.
Arthur Morgan: Fear not, he’s just a cockroach in fancy britches. But he gets into nooks and crannies the rest of us can’t.
Charles Smith: Come on… They went down the path here… …how’s your tracking these days?
Arthur Morgan: Alright, I guess.
Charles Smith: Well… lead the way, then.
Arthur Morgan: Not the kind of place I’d expect to see Trelawny staying in.
Charles Smith: No? Normally scams himself into the best hotel in town.
Charles Smith: You know… when me and Javier went down with Trelawny to get Sean, after the bar fight? I swear he talked the whole way and never actually said a damn thing.
Arthur Morgan: I thought you knew that’s his special talent. They could be twenty miles away by now.
Charles Smith: We can track them that far if we need to. Depends on how much you want to find them.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah… I still ain’t sure about that.
Charles Smith: They must’a crossed over the tracks. These tracks lead into the forest here.
Arthur Morgan: Hey, look. Let’s go see what those fellers have to say. Excuse me.
Stranger: Yeah?
Arthur Morgan: Have you seen… we’re, uh… we’re looking for our friend.
Stranger: I don’t think he’s here…
Arthur Morgan: Nah… you seen a strange sort of feller… sort of formal?
Stranger: Strange, sure. Formal, no.
Charles Smith: He uses a cane, looks a lot like this one.
Arthur Morgan: Alright you two… Where the hell is he?
Stranger: Get out there, come on boy.
Bounty Hunter: The thing is… after that shack, this will be remembered like as good time.
Arthur Morgan: Put the man down, gentlemen.
Charles Smith: He’s backing off inside, get after him! There he is… take him out! Good, he should be the last of them.
Arthur Morgan: Alright, let’s go back for Trelawny. You alright?
Charles Smith: Yeah… never goes easy, does it?
Arthur Morgan: Sure don’t. C’mon… let’s go see how badly they beat up the slippery feller.
Charles Smith: I wonder how much trouble he’s brought with him.
Arthur Morgan: Guess we’ll soon find out.
Charles Smith: Seems like we can’t catch a break now, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Our luck’s held this long… we got outta worse scrapes than this one.
Charles Smith: So I heard…
Arthur Morgan: What’s government agents and bounty hunters to us?
Charles Smith: I hope you’re right.
Arthur Morgan: Mr. Trelawny, where are you?
Josiah Trelawny: Over here, dear boy!
Arthur Morgan: Well, he’s still here at least. Put your feet up, why don’t you? You okay?
Josiah Trelawny: Never finer.
Arthur Morgan: So, who was they?
Josiah Trelawny: They were bounty hunters… attached to Cole Stoudemire.
Arthur Morgan: Okay.
Josiah Trelawny: They weren’t looking for me… per se.
Arthur Morgan: What you tell ’em?
Josiah Trelawny: Not much. I… told them I was an intellectual… come down here from Oregon… looking for a job at the university. Course, they didn’t believe me. Seems you stirred up quite a hornet’s nest in Blackwater.
Arthur Morgan: So I keep hearing.
Josiah Trelawny: It might be best if I stay with you gentlemen for a while. Can’t go back to that caravan now.
Arthur Morgan: Alright, Charles, you take Trelawny back to camp… I’ll catch up with you.
Charles Smith: Okay.
Arthur Morgan: It always seem to be more… more and more civilization. I wanna get back in the open country, or the west, or… what’s left of it, but… even that ain’t the way I remember it.
Josiah Trelawny: Hello, Alden.
Alden Carruthers: Hello, Josiah, how have you been?
Josiah Trelawny: Dandy… and you, friend?
Alden Carruthers: Like I said, times are tough. My Mrs. is a bad woman. A terrible woman.
Josiah Trelawny: They often are… but how’s work, Alden?
Alden Carruthers: Terrible. Wages got cut again, they reckon they just invented a new horseless carriage will be the end of us.
Josiah Trelawny: They’ve been saying that nonsense since they invented the wheel… the wickedness of bosses…
Alden Carruthers: I know… my comrades here and I are greatly discouraged from the adequate fulfillment of our duty…
Josiah Trelawny: A discouraged man is no man at all Alden… no man at all. My friend Arthur here, has a present for you…
Arthur Morgan: Here…
Alden Carruthers: Ain’t you kind, sir.
Josiah Trelawny: Call him Arthur. He’s one of us… a fellow man of distinction.
Alden Carruthers: Okay, well… this is perfect timing. I think you’ll like this one, Josiah. It’ll be coming south down the river road… through Siltwater Strand.
Josiah Trelawny: Thank you, Alden. Thank you very much.
Alden Carruthers: Oh, and Josiah… if you or Arthur are ever out Strawberry way… ask for my colleague there, feller called Hector. He’s also one of the… what did you call us again?
Josiah Trelawny: Discouraged men, Alden.
Alden Carruthers: That’s it… discouraged men. I like that.
Josiah Trelawny: Well, goodbye, Alden… or should I say… adieu. 
Alden Carruthers: Oh, adieu, Josiah.
Arthur Morgan: What the hell was that?
Josiah Trelawny: I thought you might like to see that pantomime.
Arthur Morgan: River road through Siltwater Strand, he said.
Josiah Trelawny: Okay, I think I know a good spot to wait. Follow me.
Josiah Trelawny: Okay, let’s go. This way. What did I tell you? Simple as can be. Seems a lot of the station workers are in on it these days. Earning a pittance, the unions are whipping them up, so they want something on the side. Like he said… there, Strawberry… could create a lot of opportunities for a man in your line of work.
Arthur Morgan: I ain’t sure about going back to Strawberry after all that Micah business.
Josiah Trelawny: It didn’t sound like you left anyone alive to recognize you, so I wouldn’t worry too much, dear boy. All this trouble… you gentlemen are becoming quite the celebrities, aren’t you? Soon you’ll be on the front of a dime novel… and dead, of course.
Arthur Morgan: We’re hoping to be long gone before that Dutch has a plan.
Josiah Trelawny: Here we are. This is the spot. Okay, this should do.
Arthur Morgan: Sure. Here. 
Josiah Trelawny: I’m hoping we won’t need those.
Arthur Morgan: Better safe than sorry. What were you thinking?
Josiah Trelawny: Well according to this… the loot is located in a strong box, which is in the back. I’ll put on a little performance and you can scurry round… open the strong box and relieve them of their goodies.
Arthur Morgan: And how do I open the strong box… without threatening someone to open it for me?
Josiah Trelawny: This should work. 
Arthur Morgan: And I can do this silently?
Josiah Trelawny: Well I’m hoping complete silence won’t be necessary… but you’re going to wish you had your ear plugs. Mrs. Damsen… Oh, very good, Alden, very good. Course, if everything goes wrong… you can wave your guns round like you normally do. Hold tight, they’ll be here soon.
Josiah Trelawny: Well done, sir…
Arthur Morgan: It was easy. You did all the work.
Josiah Trelawny: Team work my dear boy, team work.
Arthur Morgan: Here you go.
Josiah Trelawny: Oh, jolly good. Go see Alden from time to time. See you soon, Arthur.
Karen Jones: But I’m ruined! I’m…
Clerk: I’m not sure this is quite the place…
Karen Jones: He said he loved me!
Bill Williamson: Okay, we’re going?
Arthur Morgan: No, hold on. Wait ’til she’s got them reeled in.
Karen Jones: He said he’d make a lady of me…
Clerk: Would you care to…
Karen Jones: I’m-I’m with child and it’s… I don’t wanna go back to the workhouse! Get your goddamn hands up! This is a goddamn robbery!
Arthur Morgan: Alright now… go!
Lenny Summers: Nobody move!
Bill Williamson: You heard him, nobody move!
Lenny Summers: Don’t make us hurt you! Here! Unlock the door.
Karen Jones: Okay, the door’s unlocked.
Arthur Morgan: Oh, you think we’re here for fun? Come on, come on. Open the goddamn vault! Just open the goddamn door. Too goddamn slow! I’m in! Someone come make sure the suit behaves himself in here.
Bill Williamson: Open the lock boxes now!
Clerk: I… th-the-the manager does that, I…
Bill Williamson: Goddamn it! Now what?
Arthur Morgan: Guess I’ll crack them or blow them up. Keep an eye out. I’ll be as quick as I can. Yeah, I think I should be able to crack these.
Bill Williamson: Alright, but you better be quick! You shut the hell up and stay still!
Lenny Summers: Hey, keep still. If I see that leg move again, you get a bullet in it.
Bill Williamson: How are you getting on?
Arthur Morgan: I’m going as fast as I can. This is slower but it’s quieter.
Bill Williamson: Okay.
Karen Jones: How much time do you think we got?
Lenny Summers: I don’t know… not much. This is taking too long. I hear people out there.
Karen Jones: Me too. Boys, you need to move this along!
Lenny Summers: Hey, watch him, there.
Karen Jones: Don’t worry, I see him.
Bill Williamson: Come on, come on.
Karen Jones: I’ll keep a lookout at the door.
Bill Williamson: How’s it looking there?
Arthur Morgan: Pretty good.
Bill Williamson: Told you.
Arthur Morgan: Don’t count your chickens just yet.
Customer: Please let me go. I… I won’t say nothing, I swear.
Karen Jones: Shut the hell up and stay where you are. Bill, how’s it going in there?
Bill Williamson: We’re getting there. Few more minutes.
Arthur Morgan: That’s another one cleared. This is looking good.
Bill Williamson: How much longer?
Arthur Morgan: Nearly there.
Bill Williamson: Okay, you reckon that’s enough now?
Arthur Morgan: Maybe. It’s never enough.
Bill Williamson: Well, I am ready to get the hell out of here whenever you are.
Arthur Morgan: Last one.
Bill Williamson: Good, we gotta move.
Karen Jones: I think… I think we’re fine. C’mon, I’ll lead the way.
Arthur Morgan: Let’s go. Everybody stay calm. All of you count to a hundred and keep your mouths shut, you understand me?
Arthur Morgan: Alright… I think we lost ’em.
Karen Jones: Thank you, gentlemen. That was…
Arthur Morgan: Stupid and dangerous… thank you, Bill.
Bill Williamson: We’re alive… and we’re paid. I don’t see the problem.
Arthur Morgan: And that is the problem. Still, this is a very good take. Dutch’ll be happy… even if it did come with a heap of trouble.
Karen Jones: Ahh, it was fun.
Arthur Morgan: Well, maybe you’re right. Now, go on, get out of here. I have some other business to attend to. Don’t head directly back to camp… and make sure you ain’t followed! Mrs. Downes.
Bill Williamson: Keep it down now, we’re here.
Karen Jones: Good morning.
Bill Williamson: Okay, let’s leave the horses here off the main drag.
Karen Jones: Alright gentlemen… here we are.
Arthur Morgan: Okay, get ready… Karen, go to work.
Karen Jones: Course… Alright, keep it cool and follow me, fellers. So… We never decided. Is it lost little girl you want, or the drunken harlot?
Arthur Morgan: Of course, you know I like the harlot…
Karen Jones: You’re the only one. You’re a… bunch of filthy sinners and heart breakers the lot of you. Now where is he?
Arthur Morgan: If you’re ready, get going.
Lenny Summers: Good luck, gentlemen.
Bill Williamson: We got this.
Karen Jones: Where is he? Where is he? Have you seen him?
Clerk: I-I-I… I really think you should leave, madam.
Karen Jones: I’m not leaving, ’til I find him, boyo!
Bill Williamson: Okay, we’re going?
Customer: You’re a disgrace to your sex, madam!
Arthur Morgan: No, hold on. Wait ’til she’s got them reeled in.
Karen Jones: So are you. Don’t act like you don’t know me. All stuck up in here. Were not so goddamn stuck up last night… sorry, just between us.
Customer: I-I’ve never seen this woman in my life!
Karen Jones: Get your goddamn hands up! This is a goddamn robbery!
Arthur Morgan: Alright now… go!
Lenny Summers: Nobody move!
Bill Williamson: You heard him, nobody move!
Lenny Summers: Don’t make us hurt you! Here! Unlock the door.
Karen Jones: Okay, the door’s unlocked.
Arthur Morgan: Oh, you think we’re here for fun? Come on, come on. Open the goddamn vault! Too slow. Too goddamn slow! I’m in! Someone come make sure the suit behaves himself in here.
Bill Williamson: Open the lock boxes now!
Clerk: I…th-the-the manager does that, I…
Bill Williamson: Goddamn it! Now what?
Arthur Morgan: Guess I’ll crack them or blow them up. Keep an eye out. I’ll be as quick as I can. Reckon I’m gonna have to blow’em.
Bill Williamson: Okay, we gotta move before they blow. The law will be all over us! Now, you shut the hell up and be still!
Karen Jones: I’ll keep a lookout at the door.
Lenny Summers: Hey, keep still. If I see that leg move again, you get a bullet in it.
Karen Jones: How much time do you think we got?
Lenny Summers: I don’t know… not much. This is taking too long. I hear people out there.
Karen Jones: Me too. Boys, you need to move this along!
Bill Williamson: How’re you getting on?
Arthur Morgan: Going as fast as I can.
Bill Williamson: We need to get out of here! How’s it looking there?
Arthur Morgan: Pretty good.
Bill Williamson: Told you.
Arthur Morgan: Don’t count your chickens just yet. That’s another one cleared. This is looking good.
Bill Williamson: How much longer?
Arthur Morgan: Nearly there.
Bill Williamson: Okay, you reckon that’s enough now?
Arthur Morgan: Maybe. It’s never enough.
Bill Williamson: Well, I am ready to get the hell out of here whenever you are.
Karen Jones: Gentlemen, hurry! We seem to have some company.
Bill Williamson: Sorry, partner. Shit, hurry up!
Arthur Morgan: I heard, go on!
Arthur Morgan: Alright… I think we lost ’em.
Karen Jones: Thank you, gentlemen. That was…
Arthur Morgan: Stupid and dangerous… thank you, Bill.
Bill Williamson: We’re alive… and we’re paid. I don’t see the problem.
Arthur Morgan: And that is the problem. Still, this is a very good take. Dutch’ll be happy… even if it did come with a heap of trouble.
Karen Jones: Ahh, it was fun.
Arthur Morgan: Well, maybe you’re right. Now, go on, get out of here. I have some other business to attend to. Don’t head directly back to camp… and make sure you ain’t followed! Mrs. Downes.
Javier Escuella: Uh huh? Greaser, huh?
John Marston: Ok, bandanas on. Don’t need nobody recognizing us.
Arthur Morgan: Alright, I’ll grab the white one in the middle, you get the other two. Relax, boy. C’mon.
John Marston: Good boy. Easy now.
Arthur Morgan: Marston, you’re gonna tether ’em up to Javier’s horse.
John Marston: Okay.
Arthur Morgan: Javier, you’re gonna lead the stallions.
Stranger: What you boys want?
Arthur Morgan: Heard you was… heard you paid good prices for horses.
Stranger: Oh, we’ll buy more or less anything, pop.
John Marston: That so?
Clay Davies: Sure, pop. I’m Clay Davies, that’s my brother, Clive. We’re twins.
John Marston: John, Arthur, Javier.
Clay Davies: So what are you? Cuban?
Javier Escuella: No.
Clay Davies: I don’t like Cubans.
Javier Escuella: That so?
Clay Davies: Maybe… why what do you care? You ain’t Cuban.
Javier Escuella: Maybe I like Cubans?
Clay Davies: You’re funny. He’s funny. Ain’t he funny, Clive? Clive don’t talk… we’re twins, but I was born first… he came out all yellow and black, but he’s okay. Yeah, I know these horses. They ain’t yours. But I like ya… and I’ll give ya… I can give you six hundred and fifty for ’em.
John Marston: I was told we could get up to five thousand dollars for ’em.
Clay Davies: And I was told that the moon was made of ladies’ tears… only it ain’t true. Not one little bit.
John Marston: But…
Clay Davies: I like you boys… but I ain’t got more than seven hundred on me. You want it, or you want to ride them fellers into town? And maybe someone there’ll hang you.
Arthur Morgan: We’re gonna need more than that.
Clay Davies: I ain’t got no more money, pop. Here. Take it, or leave it.
John Marston: Alright.
Arthur Morgan: You goddamn fool, Marston.
Clay Davies: Ain’t no one round here got five thousand dollars, boys… but nice meeting you. See you boys again I hope. C’mon. Hiya. Close the gate, Clive.
Arthur Morgan: Believed a yarn, spun us by one of that Gray family… and imagined we was gonna be wonderfully rich. At the end of it we felt like prize idiots.
Arthur Morgan: Hey fellers, I have a meeting with Mrs. Braithwaite. My associates are already here.
Doorman: Ah, please come in, sir. This way, sir. A gentleman to see you, ma’am.
Catherine Braithwaite: So… your friend, the other liquor vendor…
Arthur Morgan: Hello, ma’am.
Hosea Matthews: Arthur, welcome. We were just playing cribbage. Arthur Morgan, Mrs. Catherine Braithwaite.
Arthur Morgan: Nice to see you again.
Catherine Braithwaite: Apparently. So this one… he as big and as dumb as he looks?
Hosea Matthews: Well, he’s surely big… but his intelligence is a matter of some conjecture. Some say he is as dumb as he looks… but, I think… well, he’s not quite that dumb.
Catherine Braithwaite: So these are the boys going to Caliga Hall?
Hosea Matthews: Yes, we could take care of that for you, but… one hates to be coarse… there is the question of money.
Catherine Braithwaite: Oh, we’ve got money, Mr. Matthews.
Hosea Matthews: Paper? Bonds? Metal?
Braithwaite: She aint gonna pay you with a certified check… you Yankee numbskull.
Hosea Matthews: Ain’t childbirth just the most beautiful miracle? Seems a lady can birth monkeys after all.
Sean MacGuire: Well, Arthur… Hop on, I’ll fill you in on the way.
Arthur Morgan: No, I driving.
Sean MacGuire: Fine. Ready? Let’s get outta here.
Arthur Morgan: You was quiet in there?
Sean MacGuire: Took everything I had… that son of hers… I’ll shove that silver spoon down his throat and pull it clean out of his arse, the smug fucker.
Arthur Morgan: Okay… So what she got us doing at the Gray’s place?
Sean MacGuire: She wants us to torch their tobacco fields, said they ain’t had rain in weeks ’round here.
Arthur Morgan: What?
Sean MacGuire: Yep, using that back there.
Arthur Morgan: The moonshine?
Sean MacGuire: Burns faster than kerosene, that stuff. Said it’d be "fitting", she did. All I’m thinking is how about I try "fitting" my boot up your hook nose, you snotty old bitch.
Arthur Morgan: Hosea really picked the right feller for tea at the manor, didn’t he?
Sean MacGuire: Oh, he was giving it his usual flannel. One of these families got gold stashed somewhere, he reckons. I mean, I’m all for sticking it to rich folks. I hate rich folks. But there really better be some bloody money at the end of all this.
Arthur Morgan: Hosea knows what he’s doing.
Sean MacGuire: Does he, though? The master finagler of nothing!
Arthur Morgan: Easy, easy.
Sean MacGuire: So far we’ve destroyed the Braithwaites’ still, tried to sell the shine back to them, now we’re on this fool’s errand. Which I’m very much looking forward to, by the way. They was saying Old Man Gray’s doubled security after that business at the saloon.
Arthur Morgan: We just robbed their horses too.
Sean MacGuire: That was you? Jesus.
Arthur Morgan: So… we’re just gonna drive on in there, is that it?
Sean MacGuire: Don’t worry, I got a plan. Wagons go in and out of there all the time… with supplies, equipment, payroll… Especially now they’ve taken on all that extra muscle. We’re making a delivery, that’s all. Just leave it to me. I can talk a dog off a meat wagon.
Arthur Morgan: Alright then…
Sean MacGuire: Whoa! Hold up a second. Are you not worried about them Grays, English?
Arthur Morgan: Excuse me?
Sean MacGuire: You not worried ’bout them Grays?
Arthur Morgan: In what sense?
Sean MacGuire: Well, they knows you.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah… maybe you’re right… You know what? Here. I’ll go hide in back, if you can act naturally and… stop us from getting into a fight before we’re ready.
Sean MacGuire: I will try.
Arthur Morgan: Yes. Try and do an impression of a human being.
Sean MacGuire: I’m not gonna go that far.
Gray: Hey, hey hold it right there! Whatchu want, boy?
Sean MacGuire: I’ve-I’ve, there was a thing. A thing… at the saloon.
Gray: Whatchu talking about?
Sean MacGuire: Well, I’m delivering the supplies.
Gray: You’re not the usual driver.
Sean MacGuire: Eh, you want a bottle friend? Here. Have a wee drop. I’m new, I mean you no harm. I’ve come from Donegal. In Ireland.
Gray: You don’t say?
Sean MacGuire: They said you’d understand. Some kind of incident at the saloon, in town. I was told to bring this up here. Ask no questions, I’ll tell you no lies. That sort of business. Eh, before the officials got there, they said..
Gray: Okay, okay. Right this way. I’ll show you how to get there.
Sean MacGuire: Oh, thank you, friend. Have a drink.
Gray: Hamish.
Sean MacGuire: Good to meet you, Hamish! Fine bit of country you’ve got here. Ah, not as fine as Connemara, but fine nonetheless.
Gray: My people come from Scotland.
Sean MacGuire: Ah, is that right? Then, you and I are nearly brothers.
Arthur Morgan: Micah…
Micah Bell: Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called… Arthur Morgan: Hey Molly, where’s Dutch?
Micah Bell: Well… however it goes.
Arthur Morgan: I’m not sure that line of thought serves you or me very well.
Micah Bell: Well that’s because, cowpoke… you are a man of profoundly limited intelligence.
Arthur Morgan: No doubt…
Micah Bell: While you and the old man and Dutch have been running around… digging us ever deeper into shit… old Mr. Pearson might have gone and lightened the load a little. Pearson! Ain’t you curious?
Arthur Morgan: I guess.
Dutch van der Linde: Gentlemen.
Micah Bell: Dutch… you tell him, fat man.
Simon Pearson: It’s peace, Dutch… the O’Driscolls… I mean, I think there’s a way.
Dutch van der Linde: What on earth are you talking about?
Micah Bell: Get the words out properly, fat man.
Simon Pearson: I met a couple of the O’Driscoll boys on the road into town… things were about to get ugly… but you know how I am in a fight, huh? Like a cornered tiger. Anyway… somehow it didn’t, but… we got to talking… and they suggested a parley… to end things… like gentlemen.
Dutch van der Linde: Gentlemen? Colm O’Driscoll? Have you lost your minds?
Micah Bell: You’re always telling us, Dutch… do what has to be done… but don’t fight wars ain’t worth fighting.
Hosea Matthews: They want a parley? It’s a trap.
Micah Bell: Well of course, it’s probably a trap… but what have we got to lose finding out.
Arthur Morgan: Get shot.
Micah Bell: We ain’t getting shot because you’ll be protecting us. It’s a trap, you shoot the lot of them… if it ain’t a trap, that slim chance…
Dutch van der Linde: I don’t see the point in any of this…
Micah Bell: It’s a chance we gotta take.
Dutch van der Linde: I killed Colm’s brother… long time ago… then he killed… a woman I loved dear…
Micah Bell: As you say… it’s a long time ago, Dutch.
Dutch van der Linde: Let’s go… you and me, with Arthur protecting us… no one else.
Simon Pearson: What about me?
Dutch van der Linde: This ain’t the time for tigers, my friend.
Arthur Morgan: Uhh. Fine.
Micah Bell: Mount up then, Morgan. Let’s go then.
Colm O’Driscoll: Hello, Dutch… it’s been a while.
Dutch van der Linde: Sure.
Colm O’Driscoll: So, uh… how’s your gang doing? They still believing in ya? Better world… pure world, hmm? How’s that coming along?
Dutch van der Linde: Just fine.
Colm O’Driscoll: How’s that score you stole off us?
Dutch van der Linde: Which one?
Colm O’Driscoll: Oh, I like that. It’s like I said, this a charismatic leader. Lot of heat on us this time. Both of us. Whole heap of trouble. They offered me a price, Dutch… to bring you in.
Dutch van der Linde: Why didn’t you take it?
Colm O’Driscoll: Well… still might.
Dutch van der Linde: I’m… sorry about your brother.
Colm O’Driscoll: Yeah, well I never liked him much.
Dutch van der Linde: I… liked… Annabel.
Colm O’Driscoll: You always loved the ladies, Dutch van der Linde. I like that about you.
Dutch van der Linde: What are we doing here, Colm? Is this thing over?
Colm O’Driscoll: You will… septic, it ain’t nice. Now, tell me… fine gun like you… why you still running around with old Dutch? Could come ride with me and make real money.
Arthur Morgan: It ain’t about the money, Colm.
Colm O’Driscoll: Oh, no… it’s Dutch’s famous charisma. You killed a whole bunch of my boys… at Six Point Cabin.
Arthur Morgan: I ain’t got no clue what you talking about.
Colm O’Driscoll: Oh, you lie, my friend… and I thought Dutch preached truth.
Arthur Morgan: Let me go, Colm… and end all this crap between you two… we all got real problem now.
Colm O’Driscoll: The way I see it… they get him… they forget about me.
Arthur Morgan: They ain’t the forgetting sort. If I were you… I’d run as soon as I had the money.
Colm O’Driscoll: Oh, I know you would… but see… we lure an angry Dutch in to rescue ya… grab all of ya and hand ya in… then disappear.
Arthur Morgan: So you only met with him to grab me?
Colm O’Driscoll: Of course… he gonna be so mad. He gonna come raging over here… and a whole lot of ya… and the law’ll be waiting for him. Oh, Arthur… Arthur, I missed you.
Arthur Morgan: He was a good kid.
Bill Williamson: Well, how the hell was I to know?
Arthur Morgan: Let me see… they set us up once before… they didn’t like us… we destroyed their farm… should I go on?
Micah Bell: Go easy on him, Morgan. He was out trying to find a lead, same as you…. same as Hosea. All you do is complain… when things don’t work out. Except when it’s your goddamn fault.
Arthur Morgan: You don’t know what you’re talking about. You don’t give a damn about nobody but yourself.
Micah Bell: Oh, you act so high and mighty… but you’re no better than the rest of us. I ridden with you boys close on what… six months now? And all you ever done was complain. And you can fight… but you can’t think.
Arthur Morgan: You can’t do either.
Micah Bell: Okay, cowpoke.
Arthur Morgan: Bill, take the boy’s body. Bury him proper someplace quiet. Micah… best you and I don’t speak for a moment.
Micah Bell: I’m just so frightened by you…
Arthur Morgan: Get outta my sight… pair of fools.
Arthur Morgan: He was like an annoying little brother to me… what fun we had riding together. Goddamn mess we’re making of things.
Abigail Marston: Where’s my goddamn son? Where is he? Where’s my son? They took him didn’t they? They took my son!
Arthur Morgan: Who took him?
Hosea Matthews: We think the Braithwaite woman took him. That Kieran saw a couple of fellers… sound like Braithwaite boys.
Abigail Marston: Where’s my son? If anything… where is my son, Dutch van der Linde?
Dutch van der Linde: We will find him, we will bring him back to you… and we will kill any fool that had the temerity… to touch one hair on that boy’s head. Abigail, you have my word.
Abigail Marston: Just get me back my son.
Dutch van der Linde: I will get that boy back, so help me God… right now.
Bill Williamson: Dutch, we just heard about Jack. You need some extra guns?
Dutch van der Linde: Yeah, why not? Micah, Kieran, anyone strange turns up… you kill ’em! Rest of you, let’s ride.
Dutch van der Linde: Who steals a goddamn boy?
John Marston: I’m gonna let fly at those sons of bitches.
Dutch van der Linde: John, I need you to stay calm. Get down here now! You inbred trash.
Gareth Braithwaite: What the hell do you want?
Hosea Matthews: Easy, John.
Dutch van der Linde: We’ve come for the boy. You must’ve known we would.
Gareth Braithwaite: Shouldn’t have messed with our business now, should you?
Dutch van der Linde: Whatever complaint you have with us, alleged… or otherwise… That is a young boy. That is not the way you do things. Hand him over.
Gareth Braithwaite: Get the hell off our land.
Dutch van der Linde: If you ain’t gonna be civilized about this…
Dutch van der Linde: Get in there! We have to find Jack!
John Marston: Where are you?
Arthur Morgan: Jack! You in here?
Dutch van der Linde: Arthur, get up here and give us a hand!
Hosea Matthews: Barricaded… this must be where they’re holed up… There’s something… pushed up against it…
Dutch van der Linde: Open the goddamn door! Shit! John, Arthur, we’ll hold them down here.
Charles Smith: We got more coming in!
Dutch van der Linde: Arthur, get out there! We’ve got this door covered.
John Marston: Look out, more coming from the right! Are you gonna help me out here?
Bill Williamson: This family is finished, you hear me?
Javier Escuella: Tell us where the boy is!
Arthur Morgan: Looks like they’re running! Now, let’s find a way into that room.
Dutch van der Linde: You want me to kill you too, old woman?
Catherine Braithwaite: You bastards.
Hosea Matthews: Where’s the boy?
Catherine Braithwaite: We have lived in this house for a hundred and twenty years. We never had no problems ’cept for Yankees.
Hosea Matthews: Where is the boy? Who took him?
Catherine Braithwaite: You killed my sons.
Dutch van der Linde: Oh, and I will surely kill the rest of them… unless you start talking.
Catherine Braithwaite: Oh, I know your type. Common scum.
Dutch van der Linde: Where is the boy?
Catherine Braithwaite: You filth.
Dutch van der Linde: Alright, we get her outta here.
Arthur Morgan: And what about them?
Andrew Milton: I don’t wanna kill all these folk, Dutch… just you.
Dutch van der Linde: In that case… it’d be my honor… to join you. Excuse me, friends… I have an appointment to keep with…
Susan Grimshaw: I think your new friend should leave now, Dutch.
Andrew Milton: You’re making a big mistake… all of you.
Dutch van der Linde: Yeah… dreadful. We have got something… something to live and die for. How awful for us, Mr. Milton. Stop following us… we’ll be gone soon.
Andrew Milton: I’m afraid I can’t… and when I return I’ll be with fifty men. All of you will die. Run away from this place, you fools. Run!
Lenny Summers: Come on.
Andrew Milton: Get your damn hands off of me, boy.
Arthur Morgan: Follow me, I know the way. It’s gonna be alright, John.
John Marston: We should be going for Jack.
Arthur Morgan: We will, but we have to move everyone first… before that bastard Milton comes back with an army. We ain’t no use to Jack in jail, or at the end of a rope.
John Marston: I don’t even know what to think no more.
Arthur Morgan: Just gotta keep our cool, be smart about this.
John Marston: Smart? Are you joking? We made too much noise once again. We drew’em right to us. I mean, how many people we killed the past few weeks?
Arthur Morgan: Far too many.
John Marston: It’s Dutch playing his games. Hosea too. Getting involved with those two families. The master con men working their magic…
Arthur Morgan: They thought there was a lot of gold…
John Marston: Yeah, they thought there was money. Ain’t there always?
Arthur Morgan: Look, Marston, I don’t know what to tell you. Things don’t always work out, that ain’t nothing new.
John Marston: Jack’s gone, we lost Sean, Mac, Davey, Jenny… and for what?
Arthur Morgan: We can’t change what’s done, we can only move on.
John Marston: But one day we need to start learning from our mistakes.
Arthur Morgan: Come on, it ain’t all bad. We’ve had a rocky run, but we’ll be okay. We’ll get through it.
John Marston: Dutch’ll fix it. Dutch’ll come up with a big plan. Right now, every plan gets us into worse trouble. We’re getting further from where were meant to be going
Arthur Morgan: Now you can’t put all this on Dutch. You’re worked up and rightly so. Alright, should be just down this path to the left here. Just don’t get too far into your head with all this, or you’ll never get out.
John Marston: It’s a goddamn mess. That poor kid. We chose this life, he didn’t.
Arthur Morgan: That’s it up ahead.
John Marston: Four walls and a roof we’re moving up in the world.
Arthur Morgan: You ain’t seen inside it yet.
John Marston: Come on… sooner we get this done, the better.
Dutch van der Linde: Stick ’em up, cowboy.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, real funny, Dutch.
Dutch van der Linde: I thought so. So, here we are in a strange land of Papists and rapists…. America’s very own Gomorrah.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, cities all look the same to me. So, how you get on?
Dutch van der Linde: I’ve been asking around about Mr. Bronte… and from what I’ve heard this establishment is our best lead… but I haven’t had any joy in there so far.
Arthur Morgan: So, I should just give it a shot?
Dutch van der Linde: I think so… just keep it cool.
Arthur Morgan: You know me.
Dutch van der Linde: I’ll meet you back here, anon.
Arthur Morgan: Maybe… I’m looking for a feller named Angelo Bronte? Italian…
Cleet: I know him. Everyone knows him.
Arthur Morgan: Where is he?
Street Kid: We’ll take you to him… take you to him… but it’ll cost.
Arthur Morgan: I reckon I can pay.
Street Kid: Five dollars.
Arthur Morgan: Where’s he live? New York?
Street Kid: I’m an entrepreneur. You don’t wanna pay… then I don’t wanna walk.
Arthur Morgan: Oh man… hustled by a brat… here… come on.
Street Kid: This way, let’s go, mister… You coming, Cleet? Stay close, easy to get lost around here. Come on then. You new to the city, mister?
Arthur Morgan: Pretty much.
Street Kid: Don’t worry, no one knows it good as me and Cleet.
Arthur Morgan: Is that right?
Street Kid: Hope you won’t need his services but you got the doctor on the corner there, nice enough feller. That’s Barrett and Schreiber on the right there. Famous book store, not that I’m much of a reader myself. Now, over here’s a real piece of art. That’s the Church of the Holy Blessed Virgin, mister. Modelled on a famous church in Toulouse, which is in France. You been to Toulouse, mister?
Arthur Morgan: No…
Street Kid: We’re Catholics here, mister, ain’t Baptists or nothing.
Cleet: My momma said they used to burn Protestants and all, but uh…
Street Kid: Bet they don’t have nothing so fine where you come from, mister. Look at them fine steeples…
Arthur Morgan: Hey, hey! You little pair of shits!
Cleet: Let’s go! That feller looks angry!
Arthur Morgan: You give that back!
Cheet: Bye mister!
Arthur Morgan: I cannot decide which I like less… the swamps or the city. Both are full of parasite, reptiles and slime. We’re a long way of east of land we know… and far from real open country.
Dutch van der Linde: There you are.
Arthur Morgan: You boys ready?
Dutch van der Linde: Of course. What else do you know about this guy?
Arthur Morgan: Not much, just that he’s some slick, little, greasy-haired European who’s clearly got power and money. Now, listen, if we go in there and start shooting up the place, the boy’s gonna get shot. That I guarantee. Feller like this is gonna have a lot of protection.
Dutch van der Linde: Ain’t no one gonna get shot, Arthur, so everyone just relax. We’ll charm him. Trust me. This the place?
Arthur Morgan: Must be.
Dutch van der Linde: You okay, John?
John Marston: I guess…
Dutch van der Linde: Excuse me, sir. We have an appointment to see Mr. Bronte.
Guard: Who are you?
Angelo Bronte In Italian: Who are these clowns?
Guard In Italian: They’ve come about the boy we took.
Angelo Bronte In Italian: With money?
Dutch van der Linde: Why do you take his son?
Angelo Bronte: Excuse me?
Dutch van der Linde: I said… why did you take his son? We ain’t got no problems with you, sir… nor you with us… but if you wanna start one… there is gonna be a lot of folks dead in this room before it’s done.
Angelo Bronte: So, you walk into my city… stinking of shit and looking like this… and you come into my house, before you have a bath… and you tell me how to act? You ask me to show compassion? Have I not shown you almost infinite compassion already… by simply allowing you to breathe in my presence?
Dutch van der Linde: Indeed you have. Now… we are simple country folk. All we have is each other… and you have gone, and you have took his son… over some dispute with some inbred ex-slavers. It ain’t got nothing to do with anyone of us.
Angelo Bronte: You had nothing to do with destroying the liquor business?
Dutch van der Linde: We was innocent bystanders… and that which we weren’t innocent of, well we… we most surely were ignorant of.
Angelo Bronte: You, you, you twist words… you lie shamelessly… you think you are better than everyone else…
Angelo Bronte In Italian: I love you. Give these men drinks. Angelo Bronte.
Dutch van der Linde: Dutch van der Linde… Arthur Morgan…
Angelo Bronte: Arthur, the pleasure is mine…
Dutch van der Linde: John Marston.
Angelo Bronte: …all mine, please.
Dutch van der Linde: So, can my friend have his son?
Angelo Bronte: Of course, of course. But… should I be out of pocket over a misunderstanding? Of course I know you would not want that…
Dutch van der Linde: No.
Angelo Bronte: No, no, no, so, how about this? You perform a simple job for me… and you get your son back.
Arthur Morgan: What is it?
Angelo Bronte: A couple of people have taken to grave robbing in the cemetery.
Dutch van der Linde: That is a fine place for it, the best.
Angelo Bronte: I love this guy, I love you. See they’ve taken, not only to desecrating the dead… but they’ve done so without paying a tribute to the living. Thing is, they see my men, of course, they run a mile. So maybe you two head off… and you, Mr. Van der Linde… Why, you tell me more about my manners. Salute. 
Dutch van der Linde: Salute. 
Arthur Morgan: How many you see?
John Marston: Three, Four? Hard to tell.
Arthur Morgan: Bastards are trying to draw us out.
John Marston: I think we got one left. Let’s smoke him out. Can’t see worth a damn! We sure picked the right night for it. Reckon this is gonna wake a few people up.
Arthur Morgan: No doubt.
John Marston: I think that’s all of ’em. Alright, now let’s find their stash. Gotta be round here someplace.
Arthur Morgan: Okay, but we’ll need to be quick.
John Marston: We can’t go back to Bronte empty-handed. Let’s have a look where they first shot at us from.
Arthur Morgan: Robbing graverobbers… we’ve hit the big time. I think there might be something in here. Got it.
John Marston: Good, now let’s get out of here. Shit, it’s the law. Let’s go, maybe we can get out that gate. It’s locked, we’ll have to go back the way we came. Dammit. Come on. We best stick to the side.
Lawman: This place is like a maze.
Lawman 2: They have to be here somewhere. You try the left and I’ll go straight ahead.
John Marston: Jack!
Jack Marston: Pa!
John Marston: Am I glad to see you.
Arthur Morgan: Where’s your host?
Dutch van der Linde: Like I said, you took your time. Let’s get going. But a fine man. Hey, friend. Thank Mr. Bronte… for everything.
John Marston: You sure you’re okay, son?
Jack Marston: I’m fine… Papa Bronte said you’d come for me.
John Marston: I’m… I’m sorry.
Jack Marston: What for?
John Marston: For… that… for taking so long…
Jack Marston: I had a fun time. I had my own room with a big bed and a toy box. And lots of books.
John Marston: Did they… do anything to you?
Jack Marston: Have you ever had spaghetti?
John Marston: What? What’s that?
Jack Marston: It’s food… It looks like worms, but it’s delicious.
John Marston: Is that right?
Jack Marston: Papa Bronte teached me lots of Italian words.
John Marston: Don’t call him that, please…
Jack Marston: You know "cavallo"? That means horse… and "pantofola”, that’s a slipper.
John Marston: A slipper?
Jack Marston: They gave me two pairs, one for day and one for night.
John Marston: Well, er, I’m just glad you’re alright.
Jack Marston: Oh yes. I had the best time, but I can’t wait to see momma. Did she miss me?
John Marston: She sure did. Like you wouldn’t know.
Arthur Morgan: You had a nice night, then?
Dutch van der Linde: Most enjoyable… well the man’s an intolerable blowhard, but he stocks a fine bar. How did you fellers get on? Any problems?
Arthur Morgan: A whole heap of them. We about doubled the population of that graveyard.
Dutch van der Linde: You know, I thought I heard gunshots but the gramophone was playing.
Arthur Morgan: Unbelievable.
Dutch van der Linde: Each to their strengths, Arthur. I went in there with a gun and left with a party invitation.
Arthur Morgan: So what’d you say this was… a garden party?
Dutch van der Linde: A big gala at the mayor’s house. I’m told every rich fool in Lemoyne will be there.
Arthur Morgan: And Bronte?
Dutch van der Linde: Oh he’ll be there too… seems to more or less run this city, at least that’s the way he sees it. Could open up some opportunities for us. It’s been a chaotic few days, but we can finally move forward now.
Bill Williamson: Hey, they’re back! I think I see Jack!
Dutch van der Linde: Abigail! Abigail! We got you your son, everything…
John Marston: We got him!
Jack Marston: Momma!
John Marston: He’s fine!
Jack Marston: I’m fine, Momma… they fed me good. Italian food. You ever eat that?
Abigail Marston: Come here, you silly boy. You got him. You got my son back. Dutch, Arthur, thank you… thank you. I got my son back!
Hosea Matthews: Jack, Jack, Jack… How are you, boy?
Jack Marston: I’m fine, thanks.
Hosea Matthews: Everything’s okay now. Abigail.
Jack Marston: Can I go play now?
Hosea Matthews: So?
Dutch van der Linde: Well… we met Mr. Bronte. He is… quite a character.
Hosea Matthews: Is he now?
Dutch van der Linde: You ever meet an Italian strong man before?
Hosea Matthews: Not outside of a circus.
Dutch van der Linde: Well, let me tell you all about him. John, you go be with your family. Arthur… thank you. Boys, we got some work to do… interesting work. But first let’s have a drink. We got Jack back!
Hosea Matthews: Well, the boy’s safe, thank goodness.
John Marston: Thank you, Arthur, I… I don’t know how to say it… thank you.
Arthur Morgan: I understand. Come on… do as Dutch says. Go be with your family.
Susan Grimshaw: She’s been taken… by them Foreman brothers she used to run with. Come along.
Arthur Morgan: The Foreman brothers? Well what are they doing here?
Susan Grimshaw: Well, I don’t know what they’ve been doing here… but I can tell you what they’re going to be doing here… dying.
Arthur Morgan: Sure… do we need more guns?
Susan Grimshaw: You and I can handle this, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Where we heading?
Susan Grimshaw: I’ll tell you on the way… just get going.
Arthur Morgan: It’s okay, Miss Tilly. Now, let’s get you outta here.
Tilly Jackson: I thought they was… I…
Arthur Morgan: It don’t matter what you thought… it’s okay. Alright, let’s go.
Susan Grimshaw: Oh, come along, miss….
Tilly Jackson: Thank you, both of you.
Arthur Morgan: What happened?
Tilly Jackson: It was Anthony Foreman. He thinks he owns me.
Susan Grimshaw: I remember. Where is he?
Tilly Jackson: He went out hunting or something. There were five of them, I think.
Arthur Morgan: Well… we killed those fellers there.
Tilly Jackson: There they are.
Arthur Morgan: Come on.
Susan Grimshaw: Tilly, grab that gun. Anyone approaches, shoot ’em!
Tilly Jackson: Oh, don’t worry, I’ll be just fine. Now catch that bastard! The one in front’s the boss. Bring him back alive, I ain’t done with him yet.
Susan Grimshaw: Alright, get after them!
Susan Grimshaw: There, straight ahead, I saw them go through those bushes. Were coming for your you bastards! They’re heading down the hill to the water. You got him. Oh, there they are, by the shoreline. Stay right on their tail, Arthur. Alright, I think that last one’s the boss. Lasso him and we’ll take him back to Tilly. Don’t kill him yet. I want Tilly to have the last word on this bastard. Come on. Get him, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Come here.
Susan Grimshaw: That’s it, now make sure you tie him up real good.
Anthony Foreman: You son of a bitch.
Arthur Morgan: Gonna make these nice and tight.
Susan Grimshaw: Alright, you bring that bastard back to Tilly, so we can all have a nice little chat. I’m going to head over there now to check she’s okay.
Arthur Morgan: With pleasure.
Arthur Morgan: Alright, here’s your man.
Susan Grimshaw: Bring him here. Dump him on the ground here. I want to get a good look at this monster.
Tilly Jackson: So he’s still alive then?
Susan Grimshaw: You see this girl… you leave her alone.
Anthony Foreman: She killed my cousin!
Tilly Jackson: Your goddamn cousin had it coming, Anthony Foreman!
Susan Grimshaw: I don’t care if she shot your daddy… and cooked your momma for breakfast… she’s mine, she ain’t yours.
Arthur Morgan: You know an old friend of mine… he always says… revenge is a fool’s game.
Stranger 2: You kind sir. Will you help the poor?
Arthur Morgan: I ain’t so kind.
Stranger 2: Yes you are, sir. You have it in you, I can tell.
Arthur Morgan: I’m a nasty bit of work, father.
Stranger 2: You’re wrong on two counts, sir. I’m a humble Brother. A penitent monk, not a priest… and you’re a magnificent bit of work. You may have made some… some poor choices… but which of us hasn’t?
Arthur Morgan: You have no idea.
Stranger 2: But you do… and God does, and that’s enough for me… and for him.
Arthur Morgan: We shall see.
Stranger 2: That we shall, sir… but why don’t you hedge your bets… and give two bits to the poor? There are so many who will go hungry tonight.
Arthur Morgan: Sure.
Stranger 2: Bless you, sir.
Arthur Morgan: How you getting on, anyhow?
Stranger 2: These are a somewhat apathetic lot I’m afraid.
Arthur Morgan: My, umm… my mentor says that America… is designed to induce apathy in people.
Stranger 2: That’s a wonderful insight. He must be a wise man, your mentor.
Arthur Morgan: Well sometimes he’s a downright fool but… usually, he’s the best man I know.
Stranger 2: That’s wonderful. The, the thing is I’m… well, poverty will always be with us… but slavery, I-I thought we had banished that. But Saint Denis is acting as a staging post… for shipping slaves out to some of the islands.
Arthur Morgan: I don’t believe you, it’s 1899.
Stranger 2: Maybe you should have a look yourself. I’ve heard that the pawnbroker down the block… around the corner… the one with the green door… well they say he sells more than forlorn trinkets. Help the poor.
Shopkeeper: Oh, er, nothing much back there, I’m afraid… just a few old books. 
Arthur Morgan: This don’t seem right… What’s back here? It looks like this pulls out or something?
Shopkeeper: Pulls out? No, it’s just an old bookcase, seen better days. I must say, you’re acting very strange. I’ve had enough of this. You’re crazy! I’m going to get help.
Captive: H-hello?
Captive 2 In Spanish: Shhh, be quiet.
Captive 1 In Spanish: Is someone there? Please! Help us! Help, please!
Arthur Morgan: Please, I’m on your side. It’s going to be okay. 
Captive 1 In Spanish: Please.
Arthur Morgan: Now don’t worry, I’m on your side. 
Captive 1 In Spanish: Thank you, sir. Thank you very much.
Arthur Morgan: Come with me. Don’t worry… you’re going to be alright now, I promise.
Arthur Morgan: Brother?
Stranger: Brother Dorkins, friend.
Arthur Morgan: Arthur. Arthur Morgan. Come on. You were right… I found these two imprisoned in that shop.
Brother Dorkins: Oh, my… that’s… well, they are blessed to have met you, Arthur.
Arthur Morgan: Trust me, in that they’re very unusual… I don’t think they speak much English.
Brother Dorkins: My brothers, come. Let’s go get something to eat.
Brother Dorkins: In Spanish: Food…
Arthur Morgan: Hey, you forgot this.
Brother Dorkins: Oh, yes. Thank you, I… here. Payment… for your services. I could not have freed these men myself.
Arthur Morgan: Give it to the poor, Brother.
Brother Dorkins: Thank you, I will. Like I said, magnificent. Come on. Come, come, come. Come see me again sometime. I often work at the old church… on Gaspar Street in St. Frances.
Sister: Try again, please… read.
Street Kid: It is m… W… m… It is …….
Sister: Por favor… it’s warm, w, an upside down M.
Street Kid: I don’t get it.
Sister: Oh, you will. It’s like swimming, it takes time, but then it is easy… and the whole world opens to you.
Street Kid: I hate this, it’s too hard!
Sister: Take your time.
Street Kid: "I lick… I-I lick?"
Sister: Like.
Street Kid: "I like the soon… sooner…" Goddammit what does this even mean?
Brother Dorkins: Watch your language, please. "Summer." "Summer." "I like the summer."
Sister: Don’t worry. You know the letters, you know the sounds, you’re nearly there!
Street Kid: I got no use for stupid books.
Brother Dorkins: "I don’t have any use for stupid books."
Street Kid: If you ain’t, why you making us do it?
Brother Dorkins: No, you should say, "I don’t have any," not "I got no".
Sister: I think you may be confusing things a little now, Brother Dorkins. Go over it first in your head. Take your time.
Arthur Morgan: Howdy, mister.
Brother Dorkins: Sister, my friend, Mr. Morgan.
Sister: Oh… Sir. Brother Dorkins told me about the wonderful thing you did.
Arthur Morgan: He talks a lot of nonsense… no offense.
Brother Dorkins: None taken. None taken at all.
Brother Dorkins: Hey, stop!
Arthur Morgan: These kids, they’re the worst. 
Sister: Don’t hurt him, please!
Brother Dorkins: We’ll be at the cathedral!
Sister: Oh no, my mother gave me that when I was a girl…
Street Kid 2: Get off me!
Civilian: You little bastards…
Civilian 2: Where’s my watch, you little weasel?
Street Kid 2: I don’t know nothing about no damn watch!
Civilian 2: Last Saturday, I saw you steal it with my own two eyes!
Street Kid 2: Maybe your eyes don’t work so good no more.
Civilian 2: You kids, you’re nothing but trash!
Street Kid 2: Your breath smells like hot dog shit, mister.
Civilian 2: I’ll smash your dirty little face in!
Arthur Morgan: Hey you, why don’t you leave the boy alone?
Civilian 2: What’s it to do with you?
Arthur Morgan: I can hit a lot harder than you, I promise you that.
Civilian 2: Alright, forget it. Little shit ain’t even worth my time.
Street Kid 2: Thanks, mister.
Sister: Every day, it’s a new challenge, Father. When I was younger, those challenges used to frustrate me. Mr. Morgan!
Arthur Morgan: Excuse me, Father… Sister. I got your cross.
Sister: You didn’t!
Arthur Morgan: No, I did.
Sister: I hope the boy…
Arthur Morgan: He’s fine… physically… mentally he’s a piece of work but… who am I to say…
Sister: Brother Dorkins was right about you… you are the most wonderful man.
Uncle: Been a while since I robbed a bank. I’m looking forward to this.
Arthur Morgan: Have you ever robbed a bank?
Uncle: Of course I have. What about that one up near Canada with you and Bill a couple of years ago?
Arthur Morgan: You was the lookout, and not a very good one if I remember right.
Uncle: Can you believe this, Charles?
Charles Smith: I’m staying out of it.
Arthur Morgan: Try not to get us trapped in a burning barn this time, Uncle.
Uncle: And you try not kill half the town over some imaginary gold.
Charles Smith: He has a point there.
Arthur Morgan: Probably best we approach the bank from the back. Don’t need nobody recognizing us.
Charles Smith: I agree. It’s this way. Let’s cut through here. There’s the bank, just there.
Charles Smith: It’s time, let’s go.
Arthur Morgan: Alright. Wake up, beautiful.
Uncle: What, already?
Arthur Morgan: Yes, come on. Alright… let’s see what’s going on.
Uncle: That boy over there… he’s a guard, for sure.
Arthur Morgan: Well, I’ll go deal with him.
Charles Smith: Silently, please.
Arthur Morgan: Of course.
Mary Linton: My Dear Arthur. I hope this letter finds you well. I wanted to thank you for your help with Jamie. He and Daddy are still arguing, but - I understand that Jamie is thinking about going back to college. Whatever happens, I believe you saved his life and we are all truly grateful. Oh, Arthur, I have made such a mess of my life, time and again. Why can I not change and be the woman I want to be? Why couldn’t you change and be a man and put down all those fantasies that shroud your judgment? Life is very confusing and I see now that I’m not very good at it. I am afraid we have got ourselves into another mess. It’s not my fault, but I need your help. I’m staying at the Hotel Grand in Saint Denis. Oh, Arthur, I know it is wrong to ask you, but I have nobody else and for what we once had together, I beg of you, even though I am ashamed to do so. Yours, Mary.
Mary Linton: Arthur…
Arthur Morgan: Hello, Mary.
Mary Linton: You came.
Arthur Morgan: Sure. Whenever you call for me, I come.
Mary Linton: Oh, Arthur…
Arthur Morgan: What’s wrong?
Mary Linton: Daddy…
Arthur Morgan: Your father? I’m a bigger fool than I even thought. 
Mary Linton: I’m begging you, Arthur… I know Daddy was not kind to you, but… but surely you cannot hate a man for the sin of loving his daughter… and wanting better for her than…
Arthur Morgan: Than me?
Mary Linton: Than the choices you make.
Arthur Morgan: What choice did I have? Did I ever have?
Mary Linton: Oh, I know… you had to live by your code… but your code is… well it’s not right.
Arthur Morgan: Has your way been right, Mary? With you, and Jamie joining a bunch of crazies… and hypocritical Daddy with his… drinking and whoring and gambling… Is that what a pure life has gotten you… begging me for help?
Mary Linton: Oh, Arthur… be kind to me. Please…
Arthur Morgan: Sorry.
Mary Linton: I am… I should have asked someone else… but…
Arthur Morgan: But I’m the best guy you know at frightening decent people.
Mary Linton: It wasn’t that I didn’t love you, Arthur. You know that?
Arthur Morgan: I know.
Mary Linton: Oh, Arthur… we were so very young… think how different life could’ve been.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, I think about it… a lot, but… it all seems so long ago and far away now.
Mary Linton: Will you help me try to save Daddy?
Arthur Morgan: Come along then… where we going? What’s the old loveable patriarch been up to now?
Mary Linton: Oh, Arthur… you know sarcasm is beneath you. He’s been gambling, and drinking, and other things…
Arthur Morgan: Oh, the filthy rotter… Where can we find him?
Mary Linton: He said he was going down to the Theodore Eckhart stables. Something about a horse. It’s down by the water in the warehouse district… near the train yard.
Arthur Morgan: Come on then…
Mary Linton: Don’t be a pompous ass, Arthur. It doesn’t suit you.
Arthur Morgan: Oh, should I leave that to Daddy?
Mary Linton: Leave Daddy alone… he suffers enough.
Arthur Morgan: Well I suppose I can take some consolation in that.
Mary Linton: Oh, Arthur… I should’ve ran away with you years ago.
Arthur Morgan: But you wouldn’t.
Mary Linton: No, I didn’t… but… well… I don’t know.
Mary Linton: Daddy.
Mr. Gillis: No.
Mary Linton: Oh Daddy, please come home… you’re tired Daddy… tired and unwell.
Mr. Gillis: I am no such thing… you get away from me, you head home… I insist upon it. Leave me be. Damn nuisance.
Arthur Morgan: Excuse me, partner.
Mr. Gillis: Mind where you go, mind where you go.
Civilian: Sorry.
Arthur Morgan: Do you… think he saw us?
Mary Linton: I don’t think so…
Mr. Gillis: What did you say to me?
Civilian: I didn’t say a thing insulting.
Mr. Gillis: I’ll wipe that goddamn smirk clean off your face…
Civilian: Ain’t you a little old for brawling, mister?
Mr. Gillis: Damn you.
Mary Linton: He’s heading across the road.
Arthur Morgan: You know, this is kind of fun.
Mary Linton: Shh. He’ll hear you. You could’ve cleaned yourself up a bit.
Arthur Morgan: I didn’t realize I was here to impress anyone.
Mary Linton: He just went left down that alleyway. What’s he doing?
Arthur Morgan: Let’s go find out.
Mary Linton: Hey, stop a second. You’re too close. What’s he doing? What do you think he’s doing?
Arthur Morgan: Well he’s either waiting for a woman of dubious morals or… he’s trying to sell something.
Mr. Gillis: So, Ashton, you got the money?
Arthur Morgan: Seems he’s selling something.
Ashton: Have you got the brooch, Mr. Gillis?
Mr. Gillis: Yes… here.
Ashton: Here’s the money. That is beautiful.
Mr. Gillis: It’s a family heirloom… it’s been in the family for years.
Mary Linton: That was mother’s brooch…
Ashton: Not any longer, Mr. Gillis. Enjoy the money… and, should you need any more… I can offer you a loan at a very reasonable rate of interest.
Mr. Gillis: No, thank you. I’ve heard what happens to folks who take loans from you.
Mary Linton: It’s not even his to sell… I’ve met a hundred men like you, Mr. Gillis. You’ll come crawling back soon enough.
Arthur Morgan: It’s just a brooch… at least he didn’t get himself killed. You’ll come crawling back soon enough.
Mary Linton: You don’t understand… mother left it to me.
Mary Linton: You sold my mother’s brooch? How could you? That’s theft!
Mr. Gillis: You… oh, speaking of thieves, I… I see you’ve found your outlaw again.
Arthur Morgan: Hello, sir, have you been well?
Mary Linton: Daddy, how could you?
Arthur Morgan: Mary, wait here, I’ll go get the brooch.
Mary Linton: Don’t hurt anyone, Arthur.
Mr. Gillis: He’ll probably kill someone… Oh, but you like that, don’t you, Mary?
Mary Linton: I am ashamed of you, Daddy.
Arthur Morgan: Here.
Ashton: Here, take the damn thing. Crazy son of a bitch. You don’t know who you’re messing with! Somebody’s gonna pay for this.
Robin Koninsky: Thank you for joining us. Now let’s talk a little bit about this place we all love called Saint Denis! They come from Rhodes, Strawberry and Valentine. Singing a song and drinkin’ wine; Across Bayou Swamp and over the sea; We heading down to Saint Denis.
Arthur Morgan: That’s pretty good.
Mary Linton: I told you this’d be fun.
Robin Koninsky: If your wagon is broke get to the blacksmith shop; Don’t worry about yourself with plantin’ a crop; The girls are wearin’ a brand new gown; We’re heading to that Saint Denis town. Carpetbaggers, coal miners, and mountain folk; Loosen them stirrups and left off that yolk; Pretty young things say come with me; In the parlors and brothels of Saint Denis; The train’s a headin’ to the land of hoodoo; You won’t sleep a wink I can guarantee; Let’s go drinkin’ down in Saint Denis. There’s dancing and singin’ and howlin’ at the moon; In the streets and alleys of each saloon; The rich and poor and the bourgeoisie; France didn’t really give us much; ’Cept wine and crepes and fancy such and such; We pretend to be French, but can’t you see? I’d rather live in Saint Denis. Yes, I’d rather live in Saint Denis. So draw your money, come see your honey, in old Saint Denis!
Mary Linton: Excellent.
Arthur Morgan: Hey, come on. Let’s get out of here.
Mary Linton: Oh… okay. Sure, if you want.
Arthur Morgan: Reckon we’ve seen the best of it.
Aldridge: Flawless, perfect! I see you love her dulcet tones, right? Yes, she is pure spectacle and…
Arthur Morgan: Hosea.
Hosea Matthews: Hey, Arthur.
Dutch van der Linde: Come on. If we’re gonna make it to this party… we sure as shit better clean up a little.
Arthur Morgan: So we’re doing this?
Hosea Matthews: Oh yeah. Old friend Dutch van der Linde… has finally shown his true colors… social climbing.
Dutch van der Linde: Old Signor Bronte, that horrendous snake… has invited us to the ball, Cinderella. So my suggestion is… we go and get you a gown. 
Arthur Morgan: You son of a bitch.
Arthur Morgan: Okay.
Doorman: Luca here will take you to Mr. Bronte. I believe he is expecting you.
Luca Napoli: Follow me, gentlemen. This way please, gentlemen. Signor Bronte will be so pleased that you made it.
Dutch van der Linde: We are honored to be here.
Luca Napoli: That’s wonderful, wonderful. Come come, this way. What a beautiful evening it shall be… Mr. Bronte is very good friends with the mayor. Good evening, Pierre.
Pierre: Signor Napoli.
Luca Napoli: A-as long as the mayor behaves himself, you know? Mr. Bronte he has, uh, that thing, you know? Respect.
Dutch van der Linde: Hosea, Bill, you join the party. We’ll meet you out back after we pay our respects to Signor Bronte.
Luca Napoli: Come, come.
Hosea Matthews: We’ll meet you out on the balcony when you’re done.
Angelo Bronte: Ah, the angry cowboys, you’ve arrived… and you’ve washed.
Bronte In Italian: For the first time this month no doubt.
Dutch van der Linde: This is quite a party you’ve invited us to.
Angelo Bronte: Yes, quite something… although I’m not quite sure what.
Dutch van der Linde: So… this is Saint Denis high society?
Angelo Bronte: Yes, apparently so.
Dutch van der Linde: And all these people… th-these are friends of yours, Signor Bronte?
Angelo Bronte: No, no, no, not quite… not quite… but they certainly are afraid of me. Like that one. See that wretch… he’s the Mayor. Henri Lemieux. He’ll do anything for a dollar… and I mean anything.
Dutch van der Linde: Politics is a foul business.
Angelo Bronte: Yes. Oh, and that one too. That is… Alberto Fussar. He owns a sugar plantation out on the island and he… comes here to whore and despoil himself. Oh, oh, and that… that is Hobart Crawley. A Confederate… major in the war. A big hero they say, but that is his… his very young wife. I mean… a young mistress. That’s the natural order of things, yes? But a young wife… it’s unseemly. Oh, oh, the redskins. I have no sympathy for them because… I have no sympathy for them because… whoever is stupid enough… to be tricked by the Americans… they get what they deserve, huh? Yes, hand a letter to the mayor. Oh yeah… that’ll save you. And that… that is Hector Fellowes. The self-righteous newspaperman. Maybe, maybe you will kill him for me one day?
Dutch van der Linde: Well, we’re not paid killers as such… not in cold blood anyway.
Angelo Bronte: I did not know you were so particular that uh… you wouldn’t help a friend.
Dutch van der Linde: Oh, I’m willing to help in any way I can… within reason.
Angelo Bronte: I’m going to pretend to understand what that means.
Dutch van der Linde: I meant no offence, sir.
Angelo Bronte: None taken… none taken. All these vulgar people… they hate me.
Angelo Bronte in Italian: I look forward to watching you die.
Dutch van der Linde: Well, uh, it has… been wonderful conversing with you. But I can tell that you are very busy… and I won’t waste anymore of your time.
Angelo Bronte: Yes, yes, yes go enjoy yourselves… and mingle with these vulgar scum. It’ll make you long for the days… when you could shoot each other… and screw cows out on the open range.
Dutch van der Linde: Those sure were the days… Good day, gentlemen.
Angelo Bronte: Good day to you. But before you go… what exactly are your plans here?
Dutch van der Linde: We’ve not made any… well… we are going to need some money.
Angelo Bronte: Money… yes, of course. Well, there’s, there’s money at the trolley station. They keep a lot of cash there in the day. Now I could not involve myself in such matters… but you… as a guest, yes… As my guest, do it. Okay, good day, gentlemen. 
Dutch van der Linde: Goodbye.
Angelo Bronte: In Italian: Okay guys, now the good wine.
Gilbert Knightly: You French, sir?
Hosea Matthews: Sort of, originally… I’m from Quebec, but I left many moons ago, and you?
Gilbert Knightly: No, I came down from New York, for a job. I’m a banker.
Hosea Matthews: A banker?
Gilbert Knightly: An investment banker.
Hosea Matthews: You’re the fellows who never lend me money when I need and when I’ve got too much, try to lend me more.
Gilbert Knightly: And what do you do, Mr. Lafonde?
Hosea Matthews: Originally furs… but, now all sorts. Lumber, leather, even maple syrup… My partners and I represent twenty, well more like twenty-three percent of all the trade heading south from Quebec into the U.S.
Gilbert Knightly: And… who do you bank with?
Hosea Matthews: Oh… the usual bunch of clowns in New York.
Gilbert Knightly: Do you bank with anyone in the South?
Hosea Matthews: Not one I particularly like.
Gilbert Knightly: Well, have you considered Lemoyne National Bank?
Hosea Matthews: Oh, I need a big bank, sir. We borrow a lot of money, and generate a lot of cash. Some nervous, small town bank could finish us in a bad, year…
Gilbert Knightly: Small town? We handle more cash and cash equivalents than any bank south of Manhattan, including Saint Louis. Almost all the Caribbean trade banks with us. We work with all the remaining cotton growers in the U.S., who still use a lot of cash, and… we helped finance half the reconstruction projects after the war. We love big clients… and we love cash. Our branch alone, here in town, has more cash reserves on site than any bank in the entire country… outside of Wall Street and San Francisco.
Hosea Matthews: Well, perhaps we could discuss it further one day, Mr. Knightly. When it comes to bankers, I drive a hard bargain… but I’m very fair in business.
Gilbert Knightly: I would at least like the opportunity to show you our business.
Hosea Matthews: Thank you, thank you very much!
Gilbert Knightly: Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to go find my fiancée.
Hosea Matthews: Of course. And congratulations… a wife is a wonderful thing. Could be interesting, I’ll keep investigating… What a loathsome selection of humanity.
Arthur Morgan: How’s your evening going?
Hosea Matthews: Met some interesting people. What about you? Did you speak to the mayor?
Arthur Morgan: I’m still looking for him.
Hosea Matthews: Well, look a little harder.
Guest: Camilla McClair, where ever did you get that hat?
Bill Williamson: Well, I’m not quite sure yet… Albert Danielson.
Camilla McClair: Why, that would be telling.
Guest: Oh you… you’re always so… stylish.
Camilla McClair: I try… mostly I fail, but I try.
Bill Williamson: Yeah… uh. I mean no, uh-uh no, it-it’s a new shirt.
Brynn Tildon: Are you new in town?
Bill Williamson: Yes, I come from the west, I mean the north… the uh, the-the northwest.
Arthur Morgan: It… really is a beautiful hat.
Camilla McClair: I got it from Mr. Wasp… he’s the finest milliner in the state and quite the most interesting purveyor of the exotic. But don’t tell anyone, sir… the women here are all desperate to know.
Hector Fellowes: Truth is an absolute, sir… don’t you think?
Bill Williamson: Well, I don’t quite understand.
Hector Fellowes: You are not, it would seem, the only one.
Bill Williamson: I was in the army once.
Hector Fellowes: Good for you.
Brynn Tildon: What do you do now?
Bill Williamson: Well, uh, I-I’m not quite, uh… I’m an American.
Brynn Tildon: Yes, but what do you do?
Bill Williamson: Oh, uh… Well I’m in between jobs at the moment.
Brynn Tildon: Oh, of course… of course.
Hector Fellowes: You shall be too sir, if you don’t sharpen up your morality.
Brynn Tildon: I’m trying sir, I’m trying.
Hector Fellowes: Well, try harder. Much harder.
Brynn Tildon: W-what would you like me to do, hit the mayor myself?
Hector Fellowes: Impudence… I see you’ve still got that. But it takes more than a steady line in insults, to succeed in newspapers… at least in mine. Good evening. 
Brynn Tildon: Prig.
Hector Fellowes: So hard these days, to find men of true morals. Especially in journalism!
Arthur Morgan: Indeed, it is.
Hector Fellowes: And you certainly won’t find many here… how do you, think they got so rich? Well, anyway… enjoy your evening.
Guest: You’re walking away from history, you fool.
Guest: Women and men both deserve to decide the future. This is meant to be the land of liberty.
Lillian Powell: Ah! Get me a bloody drink, will you? A small one… just big enough for me to swim lengths in, you know?
Server: Yes, madam.
Lillian Powell: You know it… great fuck, I’m drunk! You know… I used to be a great beauty and… an even greater wit… Time… what a total bastard it is, huh? Then again, I always loved bastards… the real ones, I mean. Wedlock… hugely overrated! I tried it enough. Well, I mean… I tried both, you know, bastards and marriage… I even married a bastard… that didn’t work out so good… Oh my God, I should not have got up this morning. I’ll need to go… and sit down… and have a little rest. I’m just gonna… Is anybody listening to me?
Dorothea Wicklow: …but as civilized beings, haven’t we moved past that? Apparently not… good evening to you, sir. I will go find some other people to threaten to hit me.
Guest: I mean, modern art is all very well, but my daughter could do better.
Guest 2: You’re not such a philistine as all that, Marie.
Dorothea Wicklow: That man may be stronger than me, but he’s got all the insight of a bullfrog.
Arthur Morgan: Probably.
Guest 1: Only the most foolish of women would fall for his nonsense.
Guest 3: Oh that’s quite unfair… I found him delightful… in that French sort of way… He reminds me of someone in a book by Balzac,
Guest 1: He reminded me of a hobgoblin… a spellcaster.
Guest 3: You’re very unkind, Marie.
Guest 1: I am honest, where is that waiter? I need more champagne.
Guest 3: Oh, me too…
Guest 1: How is your husband, Delores?
Guest 3: I hear he’s much improved… he’s in Tunis, I believe…
Arthur Morgan: Would you like some champagne?
Guest 1: Of course… thank you, sir, you are quite the gentleman… clearly not from this swampy hell hole.
Guest 3: Thank you.
Guest 2: Thank you.
Guest 1: Ladies, I’ll see you next week.
Dutch van der Linde: This is quite a town that you have here, Mr. Jameson.
Heston Jameson: Oh, I… I don’t live here, I was here for the poker,
Dutch van der Linde: Oh, you play?
Heston Jameson: It’s my weakness, my worst vice.
Hobart H. Crawley: Perhaps you should have it whipped out of you like you advocate whipping the sin out of others?
Heston Jameson: Not whipping, sir, working, and besides, my vice is between me and my maker. I keep winning.
Hobart H. Crawley: Every gambler says that, Mr. Jameson.
Heston Jameson: Yes, I know, but like I said, the next big tournament, which I will not be attending, is for a game too rich for my blood. I may be a knave, but I’m a sensible knave.
Dutch van der Linde: That so?
Heston Jameson: Well, sure, I’m not a wealthy man… I run a prison. The old river boat tournaments are for card sharks and rich fools… a really big stakes game attracts oilmen and such like, well, from all over. My pockets are not deep enough for that.
Dutch van der Linde: You are a wise man.
Heston Jameson: I’m a conservative man, at least.
Hobart H. Crawley: The fact is, since the war, the government has done an awful job of preserving law and order, Mr. Jameson.
Heston Jameson: Yes, well, I agree, Major. Well, at my prison, we are doing the best to remedy that failing. You know, my friend works in the Caribbean. He faces real rebellion. If we don’t act decisively, we will endure the same here and all of this… all these garden parties and civility? They will be doomed. I believe in civilizing the masses, sir… but the first order of civilization is order. Law and order.
Hobart H. Crawley: I agree.
Heston Jameson: Without law and order, we will have anarchy.
Dutch van der Linde: But with too much law and order, won’t we have dictatorship, or worse… monarchy?
Heston Jameson: The law should be a dictator. That is the American way.
Dutch van der Linde: I thought the American ideal was liberty?
Heston Jameson: Sure… liberty under the law.
Dutch van der Linde: Very interesting. 
Heston Jameson: Major Hobart H. Crawley:, Mr. Chambers, I must go speak to someone for a second…
Dutch van der Linde: What a vulgar toad of a man…
Hobart H. Crawley: Did you hear him back there, "the law should be a dictator"?
Arthur Morgan: I wasn’t really listening.
Hobart H. Crawley: Lucky for you, and as for that other reller… Featherstone Chambers? What a windbag he is.
Arthur Morgan: He did seem full of himself.
Hobart H. Crawley: Anyway…
Guest: The truth is, since the war, the country’s doomed itself.
Guest 2: I disagree. The war? The war was thirty years ago. I was just a boy. And since then, we have fought more wars and we will fight more again.
Guest 1: The country tore itself apart.
Guest 2: A-And what do you think, sir?
Arthur Morgan: I think war is a fine way of… thinning the herd.
Guest 2: Exactly. This man is a realist.
Guest 1: I cannot believe I am hearing this. Excuse me.
Guest 2: Sometimes, sir, the innocent are the damned. Enjoy your evening, I must go see my wife.
Arthur Morgan: Good evening.
Algernon Wasp: Thank you again, my fellow adventurer. And do please pay me a visit at my atelier. Well, enjoy the rest of your evening. Stay away from the nuts would be my advice.
Guest 3: How was the show? I heard you went.
Guest 4: Outrageous! These dancers… well, I mean, if that’s French culture for you, sign me up for French lessons! Oh, would you like tickets?
Arthur Morgan: To what?
Guest 4: This cabaret show at the Theatre Râleur… it’s jolly fun.
Arthur Morgan: Thank you, very much.
Guest 4: My pleasure. Good evening…
Guest 5: It ain’t complex, Lemieux… and only an idiot like you, buddy, would try to make it so.
Henri Lemieux: I will not deny idiocy, sir, but perhaps now is not the time.
Guest 5: Typical pansy.
Henri Lemieux: You’re drunk, Ferdinand.
Ferdinand Newman: I’m not drunk, you fool… but this man… this man loves darkies. 
Arthur Morgan: Sit down and calm down…count to a thousand. Then you can rejoin the party.
Guest 1: Thank you, sir.
Arthur Morgan: My pleasure.
Guest 1: Henri Lemieux… I hope you’re enjoying my party.
Arthur Morgan: The mayor?
Henri Lemieux: Allegedly.
Arthur Morgan: That’s quite a place you got here.
Henri Lemieux: It’s not mine… and the city is horribly in debt… but we can still put on a good show. Do you know Evelyn Miller?
Arthur Morgan: My Lord… the writer?
Evelyn Miller: Well, we seem to have another deranged drunkard on our hands.
Pierre: Excuse me, pardon… excuse me, pardon… Messieurs, please… Mr. Cornwall was quite insistent, I’m afraid… he shouted down the telephone for several minutes.
Henri Lemieux: Mr. Cornwall is a horse’s ass… and a bad horse.
Pierre: I’m very sorry, sir.
Henri Lemieux: It’s not your fault… I’m a fool for trusting him. I’ll come and sign it in a minute… let me enjoy the fireworks.
Pierre: Of course.
Dutch van der Linde: Did he just say something about Cornwall?
Arthur Morgan: Yes.
Dutch van der Linde: Find out what.
Arthur Morgan: Sure.
Guest: Whoa!
Camilla McClair: Beautiful.
Guest 3: Ah! Oh my.
Algernon Wasp: Oh, wonderful.
Pierre: No problems?
Guard: Everything’s fine… we have the place well secured.
Pierre: Good, Mr. Bronte has a habit of wandering about and reading whatever he likes.
Guard: We’re watching him and his men like hawks.
Pierre: Thank you, Mr. Terapin.
Luca Napoli: Is everything taken care? The telephone, it keeps ringing.
Pierre: The mayor said he will sign later. Marie! Marie! Find that little reprobate jip and beat him. I will not have standards slip in this house! Have you lost your mind? I said, have you lost your mind? Come here. Come here… look at me. Look at me! Who do you think you are? This area is not meant for the likes of you, you know this. The standards in this house are slipping. This is a final warning to you miss. A final warning! Now get out of my sight.
 Josiah Trelawny: George. To the Grand Korrigan please.
George The Coachman: Grand Korrigan, sir.
Josiah Trelawny: Well, look at you. From toad… to prince,
Arthur Morgan: This is a bit much, ain’t it? The coach?
Josiah Trelawny: We can’t whinny up there on horses like a bunch of countrified yokels. You’re a brash oil man with money to burn! Which reminds me… no shuffling and mumbling. Puff your chest out. Get outside yourself.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, alright, alright. This ain’t Hamlet. So, who’s the mark? Is he alright, by the way, the driver?
Josiah Trelawny: Oh yes, don’t worry, George and I go way back. It’s a man called Desmond Blythe. Made his fortune in hosiery of all things. Likes to play fast and always keeps some extra collateral in the safe, upstairs.
Arthur Morgan: So… if Strauss is sitting behind him, how does he know what cards I got?
Josiah Trelawny: He won’t. But the dealer has recently become a very good friend of mine.
Arthur Morgan: Another one.
Josiah Trelawny: Don’t worry, Arthur… were all the authors of our own good fortune.
Josiah Trelawny: He’ll make sure you got the right cards.
Arthur Morgan: What could possibly go wrong? And what money am I playing with?
Josiah Trelawny: Don’t worry, that has all been arranged. Your chips will be waiting for you. Ah, there she is, come on.
Arthur Morgan: Okay.
Josiah Trelawny: Arthur, leave any weaponry here. They’ll search us when we get on. George, we’ll collect these from you later.
George The Coachman: Very good, sir.
Josiah Trelawny: Thank you, George.
George The Coachman: Good luck, sir.
Josiah Trelawny: Now remember what I said, Arthur, everyone is the author of his own good fortune.
Arthur Morgan: Yes, yes. Believe me, I heard every word.
Josiah Trelawny: Watch Strauss, listen to the dealer, and this should be a very lucky night. There they are.
Josiah Trelawny: Gentlemen! How wonderful to see you, Arthur, you remember this pair of boys we met in New York? C’mon gentlemen, champagne is on dear old Arthur. He’s rich as can be and feeling luckier than a turkey that survived Thanksgiving!
Javier Escuella: I-I started last week.
Pit Boss: Good… sure. Perhaps you could escort us up to the office?
Javier Escuella: Yes, of course, sir.
Pit Boss: Thank you.
Javier Escuella: Follow me gentlemen.
Pit Boss: Come with me, sir. Well, you are having quite the night!
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, so far.
Pit Boss: I cannot believe someone gave a greaser a job.
Arthur Morgan: We live in strange times.
Pit Boss: Personally, I wouldn’t trust one with a gun, uh, but fear not… I’ve got my own little law giver right here. 
Arthur Morgan: Very good.
Pit Boss: Next, we’ll be hiring negroes.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, I know… I know.
Pit Boss: I think you’re going to like this watch, sir. I saw it earlier and it really is a handsome piece. Foreign-made, but you can’t have everything.
Arthur Morgan: Indeed.
Pit Boss: Well… here we are. Just give me one second, sir.
Arthur Morgan: Of course, take your time.
Simon Pearson: I never been to Tahiti… I been to Bali, and Java. There is a man there with a body no bigger than a coconut… speaks seven languages.
Arthur Morgan: How you doing, Mrs. Adler?
Sadie Adler: How are you? Been quite a journey since I… well, since I joined you fellers.
Arthur Morgan: Yes…
Sadie Adler: And now you and Dutch have joined high society? My Lord above.
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, it seems so…
Sadie Adler: I think my days in polite society are over.
Arthur Morgan: Well… I just saw Bill Williamson at a party at the… Saint Denis’ mayor’s house. If he can do it, anyone can.
Sadie Adler: You get any leads?
Arthur Morgan: Yeah, I think so.
Dutch van der Linde: You know so, Arthur Morgan… come on, we need to talk. Mrs. Adler will you excuse us?
Sadie Adler: When you gonna let me come robbing with you, Dutch?
Dutch van der Linde: Follow me. Run! Run! Cowards!
Hosea Matthews: We okay?
Dutch van der Linde: I think so… except for Kieran here. Poor kid. Mr. Swanson… would you take this boy and bury him… someplace near, but… not too near.
Orville Swanson: Of course. Charles, help me with the body.
Hosea Matthews: We need to get this place cleaned up. Mr. Pearson! Miss Grimshaw!
Susan Grimshaw: Already taking care of it. Come on now, work!
Dutch van der Linde: Colm O’Driscoll…
Arthur Morgan: That man can really hate.
Dutch van der Linde: So can I, Arthur… so can I. We need to get moving. Away from here.
Arthur Morgan: So we should start looking for another camp?
Dutch van der Linde: You ain’t thinking big enough, Arthur. You ain’t seeing the vastness of our problems… and our opportunities.
Arthur Morgan: I’m not sure I get you.
Dutch van der Linde: You will, son. You will. Meet me near the trolley station. We got work.
Arthur Morgan: Shall we?
John Marston: Yep.
Arthur Morgan: He saved my life and I could not save his. Mrs. Adler fought braver than any of us. She is driven by powerful forces I scarcely understand. That’s what love has done to her I guess.
Dutch van der Linde: Dying is your choice, not mine. Kindly open that gate and let my acquaintance inside?
Stranger: Okay, okay. Ain’t got nothing else but this.
Dutch van der Linde: I said open the gate and let my acquaintance in.
Stranger 2: Of course, of course, just take it.
Lenny Summers: There’s nothing really here!
Dutch van der Linde: You’re sure?
Lenny Summers: Yes!
Dutch van der Linde: Then get out here and get ready for company. All of you! Behave. We don’t want to hurt any of you. Mr. M, check the safe.
Arthur Morgan: Sure… Open it.
Worker: I don’t think they keep much cash in there.
Arthur Morgan: There’s almost nothing here!
Dutch van der Linde: There should be stacks of cash in there… he told us there was… look again…
Arthur Morgan: There’s no stacks… a few dollars and coins, that’s it.
Lenny Summers: We got a problem. There’s a ton of cops out there.
Lawman: Come out now! We got you surrounded!
Dutch van der Linde: That greasy son of a bitch… he set us up!
Lawman: I said come out now!
Arthur Morgan: You think?
Dutch van der Linde: This seem like a good time for sarcasm to you, Arthur?
Lenny Summers: What we gonna do gentlemen?
Dutch van der Linde: Something! The trolley… the trolley! Follow me gentlemen!
Dutch van der Linde: Go… now!
Arthur Morgan: Does this trolley go to Tahiti?
Dutch van der Linde: I hope so!
Dutch van der Linde: Alright, shoot us some space, boys! Look out on the right! We got some in those alleyways, Arthur!
Lenny Summers: And up on that balcony! Some riders coming on this side!