Girl on video: Hey baby! I just wanted to send a quick "hello" and "I love you." I'm gonna be coming home soon! Yay! I cannot wait to be done with this babysitting job... and come home to my loving husband. I miss you. I gotta get back to work. I love you, Ethan. I miss you so much. I'm sending tons of kisses. Bye baby!
Girl from video: Ethan… You were right. I did lie to you. I shouldn't have, but... All I can say is that if you get this... Stay away.
Ethan: Hey, it's, uh… it's Ethan.
Ethan’s friend: You just disappeared the other night.
Ethan: Yeah, yeah. No, I'm good, I'm good. It's Mia. She's not dead, she's alive. She's back.
Ethan’s friend: They found her? How? What happened?
Ethan: I don't know. I don't know how, but she's back, she's back somehow. Maybe it's a prank. She wants me to come and get her.
Ethan’s friend: Where is she?
Ethan: Dulvey. Dulvey, Louisiana.
Ethan’s friend: Dude, it's been three years!
Ethan: I know, I know. But what if it is her? I have to find out what happened.
Ethan: This is the place.
UNKNOWN: Sewer Gators Ep. 17\n– Project Proposal –\nSneak into a Louisiana Ghost House
UNKNOWN: From: Mia Winters\nSent: July 18, 2017 11:04 PM Tuesday\nTo: Ethan Winters\nDulvey, Louisiana.\nBaker farm.\nCome get me.
Ethan: Damn!
UNKNOWN: Abandoned House\nVhjs156 Ik-89bv Hjkl\n"Derelict House, June 1"\nDulvey Haunted House - Rehearsal
Pete: Boo! Where did you find this guy?
Andre: Give me a break, Pete.
Pete: Hey! I only work with professionals. Speaking of which, make sure the sound is right this time. I don't want a repeat of Amarillo.
Andre: That was two fucking years ago.
Pete: I don't do ADR. This new guy? I'm not feeling it.
Andre: Again?
Pete: Just don't be surprised if we have to make change. New plan. We do a walkthrough of the inside first, shoot the intro.
Andre: Just like we always do. Just try to say the show's name this time, OK?
Pete: No problem. “Tonight on Sewer Gators, another worthless fucking shithole.” Happy?
Andre: Ecstatic.
Pete: Are we rolling? Alright, let's go.
Andre: Get outta the way.
Pete: It's locked.
Andre: After you. So, why are we in hell this time? Do you ever prep?
Pete: What's to prep? Shitty house. Spooky sounds. Ooh, is it haunted? Fuck me. I was an anchor, you know.
Andre: Weekend sub, Pete. Not anchor.
Pete: What's that?
Andre: Nothing.
Pete: What's the story, Andre? Abandoned farm house. Missing family. The usual. How long did you say this place had been abandoned?
Andre: Three years.
Pete: Clancy, get a shot of this. This'd make a great cutaway. So, uh, Hillbilly Joe and his family go missing...
Andre: Not hillbillies. The Bakers. Jack and Marguerite Baker. And they were quiet, not backward. Lot of bad rumors about their son, Lucas. Bad seed, apparently.
Pete: Ah, shit! I knew I shouldn't have worn my good shoes. Oh, shit. Glad I had my shots. Although, this'd make a great backdrop. Andre, what do you think? Andre. Andre! Clancy, you see where Andre went? Where is he? Un-fucking-believable. This is the last time I work with that guy. I mean producers, they come and go, but a good cameraman like you, Clancy? You stick with me.
Pete: What the fuck was that? Did you hear that? Andre? Where the fuck is he? Andre, where are you, man?
Pete: What the hell? You gotta be fucking kidding me. Alright, new deal. W-We find Andre and we go. I mean, fuck this show.
Pete: You first. Need a nice hero shot of me coming down the ladder. So, uh, you first.
Pete: What do you see? What is it?
Ethan: Looks like the owners.
Ethan: Mia! Thank god I found you. It's me. It's Ethan!
Mia: Ethan? Ethan!
Ethan: Are you alright?
Mia: You shouldn't be here.
Ethan: What do you mean? You contacted me.
Mia: No, no, I wouldn't. Did I? Did anyone see you? Did he see you?
Ethan: He? Who else is here? What's going on?
Mia: Daddy's coming. We need to go.
Ethan: Daddy?
Mia: We need to go… now!
Ethan: Where are you taking me?
Mia: Someplace safe.
Ethan: Are you gonna tell me what's going on? You've been gone for three years.
Mia: Three years? Has it really been three years?
Ethan: What is this place? What did they do to you?
Mia: Not now. We need to get out of here first. I think it's this way.
Ethan: Mia, we have to talk. That message you sent me...
Mia: Not me. That wasn't me!
Ethan: But you did!
Mia: I didn’t!
Ethan: OK, fine. Just tell me what's going on.
Mia: I am telling you everything that I know. We have to go this way.
Ethan: Mia, are you sure you know where you're going?
Mia: The family used to bring me food through here. I remember. There. It's there! I remember this room. This is it. There's another door here. I'm sure of it. It's not here. It's gone. It's gone! We're going to be a family… now that you're here. There's another door here. I'm sure of it.
Ethan: Mia…
Mia: We got to get out of here.
Ethan: Just stay here, alright? I'm gonna have a look around.
Mia: Leave me alone!
Ethan: Mia.
Ethan: Mia, wait. Wait!
Mia: I can hear her… I can feel her clawing her way back inside of me. Get out! Leave me alone! I've been bad. I deserve this. 
Ethan: What the fuck are you, Mia?
Mia: Leave me! Go!
Woman Voice: You really shouldn't have come here.
Ethan: Who's this? And what the fuck is going on?
Woman Voice: My name's Zoe. There should be a way out through the attic. Go there... now.
Ethan: Mia?
Mia: Ethan! It's OK. It's OK, it's me. I know you didn't mean to hurt me. But you shouldn't have done that! It fucking hurt!
Mia: Now let's see what you feel.
Mia: It's my job... must... contain... outbreak! I promise... must burn it all down!
Ethan: OK, fine.
Mia: I don't want your help! You were always watching me! Why? What are you hiding, Ethan? What don't you want me to know? Forget about me! They're relying on me. Everyone is relying on me. Everyone! I love you.
Father of the Family: Welcome to the family, son.
Zoe: Come on… don't you die on us, now. You have work to do.
Ethan: Where am I? What the hell?
Mother of the Family: Rise and shine, sleepyhead. It’s time for supper.
Ethan: Who are all you people? Where’s Mia?
Mother of the Family: Eat it. It's good.
Son of the Family: Dumb son of a bitch wouldn't know good if it hit him!
Mother of the Family: Lucas!
Son of the Family: Goddamn, old man, not again!
Father of the Family: Get out the way, Marguerite! That boy's got to eat! He got to have his supper. Come here, boy. Let's do this, come on.
Mother of the Family: Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit—he's not eating it. Jack!
Father of the Family: Shut the hell up, Marguerite!
Mother of the Family: I made that for him!
Father of the Family: Get the hell outta here!
Mother of the Family: You're a son of a bitch!
Father of the Family: This was supposed to be a very special feast. Come here, boy. Come on now.
Son of the Family: God damn it. I bet it's that cop again.
Father of the Family: Goddamn pigs! I'm coming back for you.
UNKNOWN: 3 Missing During Urbex Trip\nState authorities are asking for help locating three men who went missing during their travels to Dulvey Parish from New Orleans on the ninth of this month.\nThe missing men have been identified as Peter Walken, Andre Stickland, and Clancy Javis. The three produce videos for the Internet and traveled to Dulvey to shoot footage for their latest production. Their videos consist mostly Of the group exploring abandoned buildings and haunted houses.
Father of the Family: Where'd that little shit get to? You know what they say… once family, always family. Thought you'd just slip out before dinner was done? God damn it, how I am gonna replace this? You came to the wrong house, boy.
Ethan: What the fuck!
Father of the Family: You… better… run… Here's daddy! Stay right there. You're wasting your time. I'm on to you.
Father of the Family: Alright, have fun under there, boy. I'm gonna come back for you later.
Zoe: You did good. Ethan.
Ethan: Zoe, right? What the fuck are these…
Zoe: Shut up and listen if you want to stay alive. You gotta get out of that house. There might be a way out through the main hall. And that thing on your wrist is a codex. Don't lose it. It's important.
Ethan: Hell-of-a-girl.
Police officer: Open up! Hey, over here!
Ethan: Hey, you gotta help me!
Police officer: Hold on, back up! Now, sir, do you we here? I mean, is this your property?
Ethan: What? Me? No. No!
Police officer: Alright. Now we got several calls about some missing persons lately.
Ethan: You don't understand. I gotta get outta here!
Police officer: Now calm down.
Ethan: You're not listening to me. There are crazy people in this house trying fucking kill me!
Police officer: Well alright, lemme tell you this. You don't exactly seem like you're playing with a full deck yourself, alright?
Ethan: Are you kidding me?
Police officer: Look, like I said, we've had several missing persons calls, and I can't rule out that an outsider like yourself may not be involved.
Ethan: Alright. I'll tell you whatever you want.
Police officer: Alright. Now that's more like it. Now, meet me in the garage. We'll talk there.
Ethan: Hey, wait! You gotta give me your gun!
Police officer: You must have lost your mind.
Ethan: Look, officer. Now do you wanna see my name in the obituaries? Or do you wanna be a hero and save my life? A fucking pocket knife?
Police officer: Here. Take it! That's all you’re gonna get. Now go. Garage. Now.
Ethan: What am I gonna do with a knife?
Ethan: Hey! We gotta get the fuck outta here.
Police officer: Now first you need to tell me what you're doing here alone in the middle of the night?
Ethan: Me? What about you?
Police officer: Now, it's my job. Why don't you do your job and tell me? Answer my questions.
Ethan: You're not gonna believe me if I told you.
Police officer: Try me. Hey. Put that door back up. Put that door back up! What are you doing?
Ethan: Wait! Wait!
Ethan: Fuck it. I'm gonna kill every one of you.
Father of the Family: Motherfuck! Ho-ho! Alright, bring it on! Where'd you learn to drive? Let's finish this… you and I. Aww yeah, I'm gonna take you for a ride!
Ethan: No… no!! Fuuuck!
Father of the Family: Oh boy, now look what you've done, motherfucker!
Father of the Family: Do I have your attention, boy? You are about to see something wonderful. Shoot me! Shoot me!
Ethan: Fuck!
Zoe: Did my daddy give you a hard time?
Ethan: That's your father?
Zoe: He used to be.
Ethan: I'm sorry… but he's, uh, he's dead now.
Zoe: You just might be able to pull this off.
Ethan: What? Pull what off?
Zoe: There's something I need you to do. I can't explain it right now. I’ll be in touch.
UNKNOWN: “Over 20 Missing in 2 Years”\nCaptain Howell from state police told reporters they have started a search for Helen Midkiff, a college student from North Carolina who was traveling in Louisiana. Ms. Midkiff hasn't been heard of since the night of the twenty-first.\nReports of missing persons in South Louisiana have increased dramatically in the past two years.\nThe majority of those missing are tourists and vagrants. At least 20 people are thought to have gone missing so far.\nPolice suspect foul play and believe there may be a connection between the incidents. Plans are in place to step up local interrogations and increase personnel to further the investigations.\nAlyssa Ashcroft, Jan. 19, 2016
UNKNOWN: Marguerite,\nMove that piece-of-shit hippy we caught from the hall to the processing area.
UNKNOWN: October 2\nReports say a storm's coming.\nI had a lot of trouble cleaning up after the last one a few years back. I guess it's time to reinforce the windows and shore up the roof. Maybe I'll get Lucas to help.\nOctober 9\nThe water has finally receded. The house is alright, but the Old house was badly damaged.\nLucas is making a fuss about a huge ship that’s washed up in the bayou. If that's true, I better report it to the parish. I'll go check it out tomorrow.
UNKNOWN: JUL. 19, 2017 09:28 PM\nMia Winters\nOld House\nStf452 kp-26mx Njtl\n"Mia"\nEthan, please watch this.
Mia: Ethan, if you find this... I know I can't expect anything from you. Not after what happened. After what I did. But I just want you to know that wasn't me. I don't know what happened. There's so much that you need to know.
The Mother of the Family: You gave us quite a scare, young lady!
Mia: I can't let her catch me again.
Young Girl: Over here, mommy.
The Mother of the Family: I am sick and tired over being sick and tired of your bullshit, girl.
Mia: I need to hide... I need to hide...
The Mother of the Family: Why are you putting me through this? What have I done to deserve this except open my home and feed you? I don't understand you at all. This is a gift. This house… this house has seen more than you imagine, and it knows. Now's not the time for that. You just don't understand or is it that you just don't care? I know you and Zoe are plotting. I know you are scheming. You think I don't know what you want to do with that boy Ethan?
Mia: No… no no, don't come over here.
The Mother of the Family: I'll feed you to my babies and fertilize the garden with what was left. We open our home! We open our hearts! And what do you do?! She loves you. She wants us to be a family, god damn it. You… you! All you have to do is accept her fucking gift! We love you... Why can't you see that?! Don't move! No, no, no, no, no—you don't fuckin' try to escape your share of the blame. There's no way out of there, missy. Looks like it's a part of something.
The Mother of the Family: Where do you think you're going?
Mia: Ethan! Ethan, please help me! Help, Ethan! No!
Ethan: What did they do to you, Mia?
Father of the Family: Heck of a thing, ain't it? Sure as shit beats the hell out of dying. My little girl has given us a gift, and this gift is with me always. As you can see, the family is only a part of her gift. Which – in a word – means, you're fucked. Come out, come out wherever you are.
Ethan: Who builds this shit?
UNKNOWN: June 14\nVacationing husband & wife\nThe husband was a success. He's the 12th. Unfortunately, the wife was no good, so we'll just get rid of her.\nJuly 7\n3 college girls\nThey're all rotten – Lucas is a damn idiot\nAugust 13\nHomeless man\nTurned in 3 days. He's the 13th.
Ethan: What the– ?
UNKNOWN: Dear Courtney,\nThose bastards are looking for me, but maybe this gives you a chance to escape.\nTo escape, you have to find the reliefs shaped like dog heads. I saw one of the heads in the dissection room underground. Get it. It's the key out of here.\nSomething's wrong with me.\nIt must be that shit they made me eat. If I'm gonna die, I'd at least like to go out fighting. I'm gonna get a hold of that shotgun I saw in the rec room and make them regret what they did to me. You need to get out of here.\nI love you, Courtney\nLove, Travis
UNKNOWN: Lucas,\nI caught the guy who keeps trying to escape. I've locked him up in the leftmost incinerator, so he can’t get away again. Take him out when he's ready.\nYou know how to open the door, don't you? Just remember: 3 a's and a handprint.\nDo what you want with his girl...
Father of the Family: It won't be long before I find you and kill you. Here I come.
Father of the Family: No way out, ya know!
UNKNOWN: Dear Mrs. Baker,\nHow have you been feeling recently? It's been a long time since you came in for your last check-up.\nI'm writing to tell you that I've finished examining your X-rays. Those dark areas in your cranium are fungus-like structures that seem to be related to mold.\nThe hallucinations and noises you said you've been hearing may be related to these growths.\nIf your Symptoms are due to a fungal parasite, it must be removed before it's too late. I don't mean to scare you, but I am seriously concerned for your health.\nPlease come to the hospital as soon as you read this letter. As your doctor, I strongly recommend you undergo further tests.\nCrawford Lang,\nDulvey General Hospital
Father of the Family: This is all too fun.
Father of the Family: I was gonna be her father. But now she says he will be her father. No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no. I will find him and I will make him suffer. And you my friend will help me.
Ethan: Poor deputy...
Father of the Family: Groovy.
Father of the Family: That'a boy, that's the ticket! You are gonna get it now! Fun, ain't it? Ugh! That's it! What's the matter? Outta juice?
Ethan: Do me a favor and stay dead.
UNKNOWN: My body's feeling weirder and weirder. Soon I'll become like mom and dad.\nIt's all her fault.\nShould I run?\nNo, I can't. I'm dead if she finds out.\nThat woman she was with, Mia, she knows something. If I had the serum I could cure myself. I have to find out more.
Zoe: You made it. You're the first I've ever seen make it this far.
Ethan: So, what is it you need me to do? Is it gonna help me get outta here?
Zoe: Yes, now listen carefully, Ethan. My family and I… our bodies are contaminated. I can't leave the property unless I get it out. Same goes for Mia.
Ethan: Is there a way to get it out?
Zoe: We need the serum. It should clear whatever this stuff is out of the body. As long as you're not too far gone.
Ethan: Alright, so where is it?
Zoe: If I knew where one was I'd already be long gone. But I have a feeling my mother has hidden some inside the old house somewhere.
Ethan: So if we get this thing, I can help Mia and we can get outta here?
Zoe: Right, and so can I. The old house is near the water – you can't miss it. I just hope you can handle my mother. Be careful. They'll be lookin for ya.
Mia: Ethan.
Ethan: No more bullshit, Mia. I want some answers.
Mia: I know. I know. You're right. And I always wanted to tell you – but, I just – I can only remember a little and…
The Son: Daddy, right? You mind if I borrow Mommy for a little bit? Well don't just stand there – do something!
Mia: Ethan! Help!
Ethan: Dammit–
Mother of the Family: Aha! ...Damn. Yes, my kiddies! Alright, you piece of shit – I've had about enough of you. I told you to get out! It's mine. Watch this you troublesome piece of shit!
UNKNOWN: Zoe,\nYou tried to sneak up to the second floor again, didn't you?! Did you think I wouldn't notice?!?!\nEven after what happened to Eveline, you just keep talking about some strange medicine.\nAnd what are you planning to do with my altar? You better keep those sticky fingers off of it!\nNobody touches my sacred altar!\nYou think your father and I are idiots?! You spoiled pathetic child...\nI wish you’d NeVEr been born. UnforGlVably pathetic yet always lookingDOWN on uS aNd trying to Leave our HOME! After EVERYthing WE'VE done for YOU... Pathetic PATHETICpathetic pathetic...\nIf you EVER even touch my altar I’ll slice off your chest and serve it up as potroast...
Ethan: Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Jesus – fuck.
Mother of the Family: I told you to stay out of here.
Mother of the Family: Alright, you little cocksucker, let's get down to business.
Mother of the Family: Not nice, cher. This is beyond the pale, you hear me?
Mother of the Family: It s mine... It's mine... My light...
UNKNOWN: Regarding the -Series serum: the following items be able synthesize serum.\n1. D-Series cranial nerve\n2. D-Series peripheral nerve
Ethan: I think that's it.
Zoe: Well? Did you find a serum?
Ethan: I just got done dealing with your mom and her fucking bugs. I wish you coulda warned me.
Zoe: Sorry about that. What about the serum?
Ethan: Haven't found any, but I did find out what we need to make one. A D-series head and an arm. This can't be right...
Zoe: A head? I think I have that around here somewhere.
Ethan: You do??
Zoe: I don't know about the arm, though. Have you searched the whole house?
Ethan: No, not yet. I still need to check the second floor here.
Zoe: Alright, check it out. Meet me at the trailer if you find it.
UNKNOWN: October 11\nMy ears have been ringing all day and I haven't been able to sleep since the child showed up. It's like Zoe says: There's something strange about the child, and the woman she brought with her.\nOctober 15\nI'm seeing things, hearing things, can't stop feeling nauseous. I went to see tie doctor in town and he gave me an X-ray. What's happening to me?\nOctober 23\nThe child gave me a present.\nOctober –\nI put the present in the secret room right at the back of the second floor, where nobody will find it. That arm is a sign of the child's trust. That arm will lead us to happiness. And anyone who corrupts that happiness... I won't allow them to live.
Ethan: What the fuck? That's special.
The Mother of the Family: Gotcha! Now what do you think you are doing? I'm gonna kill you, I'm gonna kill you, I'm gonna kill you!
Ethan: Just fucking stay dead – OK?
Daughter of the Family: Stay away.
Ethan: Ugh, god. I guess this is it.
Zoe: Did you find it?
Ethan: Yeah, I got it. Are we really gonna be able to make a serum with this thing?
Zoe: It'll be fine. After we make it, we can get out of here – together. I'll be waiting for you in the trailer.
Ethan: Now where the hell are you? Never mind. We only need the head and you've got it. And this is gonna help Mia and me right?
The Son of the Family: Hey, buddy! I thought you should know. I decided Zoe needed a time out She and Mia are here with me. They're keeping each other company.
Ethan: Just let them both go. What do you need them for?
The Son of the Family: That's family business, Ethan, and not your concern understand? Now, if you want the head, feel free to come on by anytime, I’ll give it to ya! But only if you participate in a little... activity I've put together just for you.
Ethan: What activity?
The Son of the Family: Oh, know you're excited, but don’t worry. It’s not going anywhere. First step I need you to take, partner, is for you to take a peek inside the fridge in the trailer there.
Ethan: Fuck you.
The Son of the Family: Oh, come on now, don't be like that. You wanna have some fun, don't ya? Now, look in the fridge!
UNKNOWN: “The pig is waiting for you in the dissection room, bitch.”
Ethan: Rigor mortis must have set in. His joints are already stiff.
Ethan: There’s a sickeningly sweet stench. He’s started rotting already.
The Son of the Family: That pretty little thing will help you find the two keycards you're gonna need to join the party we're havin' in here. You gotta earn your way, Ethan!
Ethan: Oh my god.
UNKNOWN: April, th\nOliver's stopped his yelling, but sometimes I hear knocking from above.\nMay, nd\nIt REALLY stinks!\nAnd some weird juice is dripping from the ceiling. Anyway, since I had time, I changed the remote control trophy again.\nNow it'll be shiny even at night.
UNKNOWN: April, th\nMommy took me to the hospital in town. They took a photo of my head with a weird machine. Then mommy bought me a 259-piece puzzle from the toy store.\nApril, st\nStupid Oliver keeps teasing me, “You're a crazyhead!”\nApril, th\nI lied to Oliver. I told him to come over for my birthday party, then shut him in the attic from outside by remote control. He kept crying, “Let me out, Lucas!”\nApril, th\nI changed the remote control so stupid Zoe can't just go into the attic.\nI melded it with one of my inventor's contest trophies.\nNow she'll never find it.
The Son of the Family: Hey buddy! Remember, those two key cards will get you into the party. Don't be late now!
Ethan: Let me talk to Mia!
The Son of the Family: No, no, no! You gotta show up first! You haven't forgotten where the party is, have you? You can get in from the courtyard. So come on, man! Everybody's waitin' for ya!
UNKNOWN: JUN. 02, 2017 01:11 AM\nClancy Javis\nTesting Area\nEds315 uq-79fc Wepl\n"Happy Birthday!!"\nExperiment: Can trespassing idiots solve puzzles?
The Son of the Family: You, my friend, you are one lucky son of a bitch. You know, I actually envy you. What? You don't believe me? This joy? Why you can't fake this. It has taken me weeks to finish this, and it is finally ready. And it's all for you. Aw, come on now. Don't be like that. This is going to be fun. Just you wait.
The Son of the Family: I'm calling the game, “I'd really like to make it out of this room alive and not die a horrible painful death.” I know, it’s temp title. Take a candle, light it, and put it on the cake. And remember to smile. This party is for you!
Clancy: Fuck you.
Clancy: Fucking disgusting... this is gross.
Clancy: What the fuck is this? What are you doing?
Clancy: Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Oh man! Fuck! Fuck!
The Son of the Family: Ethan. E-than. Ethan, Ethan – hold on, hold on, hold on. I got something for you. Looky, looky what I got. You now what this is for? You know what Zoe wants to do with this? She’s thing is special. No, Ethan, that ain’t special. This – this right here is special. You see, Ethan, not everybody wants to turn back the clock. What? What, Eveline? I'm just trying to show him. I'm just trying to show him that not everybody wants to go back to how things were. Zoe’s a stupid bitch! She doesn't understand that I don't wanna go back to how things were before my father found y'all. Not everybody wants to turn back the clock. So – so, Ethan. Ethan? You can, uh – you can, um, crawl around underneath that filthy, rotten house all you want looking for them ingredients, but you ain't gonna find a goddamn thing, Ethan. You wanna make that serum? Ooh, baby. You're gonna have to come through me. You hear? Well, come on, Ethan. What do you say?
Ethan: Fuck.
The Son of the Family: Ooo, you’ve got a good eye. What do you got against crates, Ethan? Careful, now – they bite back. Guess I'm gonna have to step up my game.
The Son of the Family: I know – fucking passwords, right? Why don't you try 0814. No-no-no-no-no! 0621. No-no-no-no-no! It's 0514. Well, come on. Take a chance. You never know. Tick tock, tick tock.
The Son of the Family: Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, welcome to the barn fight! Keep it clean, gentlemen – we have rules.
Ethan: Fuck you too.
The Son of the Family: It's how you deal with hardships in life that makes you a man, Ethan! Oh, damn, that's gotta smart. Got to say, I'm impressed. Not only are you still alive, you have all your fingers and toes.
The Son of the Family: Fat man down, fat man down. Meh – he was never my favorite anyways.
The Son of the Family: Have a nice day. Alright, what do you say we play a little game? All you gotta do is light the candle and put it on the cake.
Ethan: Kiss my ass.
The Son of the Family: Ethan, language. There are children in the building – somewhere – I think. I’m not sure anymore.
The Son of the Family: Motherfucker! You're supposed to die! That was supposed to be for you, god damn it!
Ethan: Mia? Mia. Mia!
Girl: She's alive.
Ethan: Who are you? Where are you?
Girl: We're just beyond the pier outside that room – hurry!
The Son of the Family: Well now, Ethan!
Ethan: The fuck do you want?
The Son of the Family: You... dead! Guess that's not in the cards. Not yet.
Ethan: Lucky me. Look, unless you have any more surprises up your sleeve, I suggest you–
The Son of the Family: Now that would be tellin', Ethan. And I don't do spoilers.
Ethan: Dick.
Ethan: Finally– I'm coming, Mia.
Ethan: Zoe? Zoe, I–
Zoe: Not now. We don't have the time. Do you have both ingredients?
Ethan: Right here. This should be enough, right?
Zoe: If we make 'em fast enough. My father and Lucas aren't far away.
Mia: He's coming. Daddy's coming.
Zoe: Good, there's enough for two.
Ethan: So, after we make the serum, what's next?
Zoe: There's a boat outside. We'll take it through the swamp. But neither of us'll get very far without the serum.
Zoe: Hey! One of those is mine.
Monster: Zoe! Get your ass back to the house. I will deal with you later. It's bad enough you take my new daughter from me. Now, you're plotting against me – with my own blood?!
Ethan: This is getting old, Jack!
Father of the Family: Cut it out! Hungry! I'm going to kill you. Then Mia. You're not getting out of here. No one loves me. You'll choke on your blood before I'm done with you. You and that bitch Mia. Poor thing. Idiot – you can't kill me. Shitcock! Ethan! Ethan! Ethan! You're going to wish you'd had the good sense to lay down and die. I'm-gonna get ya! I'm gonna get ya! Fuck you. I can't die. But you can. You're part of the family now. I was gonna be her father. Hold still! I'm going to enjoy watching you die. Don't be scared.
Ethan: Now I've seen everything.
Zoe: Ethan! This way.
Father of the Family: Not leaving, are you?
Zoe: Use the serum on him!
Ethan: You want me to cure him?!
Zoe: Are you alright?
Ethan: Yeah.
Zoe: Come on. Mia's waiting for us.
Ethan: I had to use one of them. There's only one left.
Mia: There's only one left? There can't just be one left.
Zoe: What the hell are we gonna do now?
Zoe: Its fine. It was foolish thinking I could escape.
Mia: But Zoe–
Zoe: Go. Both of you just go!
Mia: Come with us. I'm sure there's someone who can help–
Zoe: This is my home. Apparently, I belong here.
Ethan: I’ll send help.
Zoe: Don't bother! There won't be anyone left to help.
Mia: Ethan, thank you.
Ethan: Who the hell else was I going to choose?
Mia: Ethan!
Ethan: Mia, I know you've been through a lot. But we need to talk. You had something to do with all of this, didn't you? Look, I just wanna know the truth.
Mia: Ethan, I honestly don't remember.
Ethan: Try. Is that the boat? How the fuck did that get here?
Ethan: You're OK. What the hell was that? What the fuck? What is that? What is that?
Eveline: Mommy. This way.
Mia: How? Ethan! Ethan? Ethan!
Mia: What was that?
Worker 1: They’re dead! They’re all dead!
Worker 2: What is it?
Worker 1: The engine room!
Worker 2: What the fuck are you talking about?
Worker 1: She killed them all.
Worker 2: Fuck... What the hell is going on?
Worker 1: We need some weapons. Is there any weapons on this ship?
Worker 2: I don’t know, but… Let's go this way, maybe we can get out of here.
UNKNOWN: Crew Register\nCaptain Ed Carlile\nChief Engineer Paul Fitzgerald\nFirst Officer Giovanni Finetti\nSecond Officer Clark C. Walsh\nMechanic Dwayne Chalmers\nCommunications Technician Jim Stockman\nPhysician Gerald Waddell
Mia: He must have been hiding from something.
UNKNOWN: LNG Tanker “Annabelle”\nBuilt: 1987\nDeadweight Tonnage: 71,000\nLength: 948 feet / 289 meters
Worker 3: Settle down, little girl, just settle down.
Eveline: Are you remembering?
Mia: What? What are you?
Eveline: You said we could be a family.
Mia: What are you talking about?
Eveline: You said!
Mia: Wait! Please!
Eveline: I'm tired of waiting.
Eveline: Watch it.
Mia: What? Why?
Eveline: You need to remember – so we can be a family.
Mia: Alan, you're getting worse.
Alan: She must have infected me during the attack. And I'm too far gone anyway. But it serves me right. It's my fault she got out.
Mia: Yeah, it is your fault. But that doesn't mean I'm gonna let you die.
Alan: She didn't attack you?
Mia: It's part of her imprinting protocol. I can't believe this is happening.
Alan: Here, take it. It has her tissue samples. You find her – you fix this.
Mia: OK, Evie. Where are you?
UNKNOWN: Special Operations Division\nDirector Alan Droney and Caretaker Mia Winters Recent reports suggest that if Eveline remains at her current location, she is at a high risk of being stolen by opposing organizations. Your orders, therefore, are to transfer Eveline to our Central American branch for safe keeping until further notice.\nDuring transfer, be sure to adhere to the following protocols:\n- Act as parental guardians for Eveline at all times to avoid suspicion.\n- Manage Eveline's vitals via the Genome Codex provided.\n- If the mission is compromised beyond reconciliation, dispose of Eveline.
Mia: She's close.
Mia: She's vomiting… Damn, I'll have to reset.
Alan: How's it going?
Mia: She's vomiting. Far more in excess of her body mass.
Alan: Oh great. We're gonna be seeing a lot more of her ugly friends if this keeps up. Alright, we need to find her and fast. This is getting out of hand.
Mia: Alan. I think she's on the other side of this door, but I don’t have a key.
Alan: Try to melt down the lock. You're on the bottom level, right? Check our luggage.
Eveline: Are you mad at me, mommy?
Mia: Evie, I'm not mad. Wait, what did you call me?
Eveline: I don't want to live at the lab anymore. I want a house. And I want you to be my mommy.
Mia: OK, Evie, I'll be your mommy. Just come back with me right now, OK? Where are you, Evie? Evie, wait!
Alan: Did you find her?
Mia: Yes, but she ran off. She's making more friends, Alan. Those things are everywhere.
Alan: I told you so. 
Mia: Are you OK?
Alan: You just worry about getting Eveline back.
Warning System: Emergency Safety Lockdown system has been engaged.
Mia: Alan? Alan, where the hell are you?
Mia: How did you get here?
Alan: Where's Evie?
Mia: She's out of control. Without the treatments she's deteriorating.
Alan: Well, it's a good thing I'm already dying. 
Mia: Don't say that.
Alan: She trusts you. That little bitch, she never– I didn't mean to call you that, Evie.
Mia: She's trying to take control. You have to fight her.
Mia: Eveline, stop! Stop right now!
Alan: Don't touch me!
Mia: Ethan. You were right. I did lie to you. I shouldn't have, but... All I can say is that if you get this... Stay away. Forget that you ever knew me. Have a good life.
Eveline: We'll be together forever.
Eveline: Now do you remember?
Mia: Yes, Eveline, I remember.
Eveline: Can we be a family like before?
Mia: No, Evie. We can't be a family. We were never a family. We will never be a family.
Eveline: Then I don't need you anymore. 
Mia: Maybe it still works. Ethan– I hope I make it in time. OK, bottom level.
Eveline: Liar.
Mia: Stop it, Eveline! Fucking hallucinations. Where is she?
UNKNOWN: Louis,\nThe cable is completely fried. We had a replacement, but we had to use it to fix something in the 3F sick bay. You're gonna have to go ask Dr. Waddell for it.\nI'm needed down in the NO. 2 Engine Room but I can't get down there unless we get this thing working.\nDwayne
UNKNOWN: Dear Janet,\nHey, how's it going?\nI guess half a year or so will have passed by the time you get this letter. Life is so boring here. Day after day, just the same Old sea. Although there is one thing that's different.\nThis time we have some passengers sailing with us, which hardly ever happens.\nIt's a couple with a little girl. I think they're distant relatives of the captain. Imagine, traveling on a tanker instead of a passenger ship. They must be hard up!\nI tried talking to the little girl earlier and her dad shot me this nasty look. What's he so worried about?\nNow that I think about it, the captain said he didn't even have any relatives...\nMaybe I'm overthinking this.\nI miss you.\nLove, Jim
UNKNOWN: It's too late for us, but at least I can let the world know what happened here.\nI was on night shift yesterday, so I was taking a nap in the bunk room around noon.\nI was half asleep and I heard a kid, a little girl, laughing.\nOr was that all in my head?\nI woke up at 19:30: there was some sort of ruckus in the passageway. Drew, one of the engineers, came in and said there was something going on down below, maybe a riot.\nHe looked pale in the face.\nHe told me he was going down to check it out, but he never came back. It must have been around 19:50 when I heard the scream. I went to the laundry room to check and saw Clark being eaten by some sort of black-ish monster.\nThe monster turned and started coming towards me, huge, shark-like teeth snapping in its jaw. I just screamed like a little girl and ran for it.\nNow I'm huddled up in the bunk room, shaking as I write this.\nThere's a whole host of those creatures lurking in the passageways now. I can still hear screams now and then, but there's no way I'm going out there now.\nAnd that's it: I've written everything I know.\nGiovanni Finetti
Mia: Ethan.
Eveline: He's waiting.
Eveline: I need you to do something for me.
Jack Baker: Ethan. Ethan. I know, I know. I know – I'm not going to hurt you. Hell, I never would have if I could have helped it.
Ethan: What do you mean?
Jack Baker: I'm no killer, son. Neither is Marguerite, nor my boy Lucas. Or even Zoe here. That girl, Eveline, she did this.
Ethan: What the hell is she? Now that did she do to you?
Jack Baker: She infected us with her gift. That's what she calls it. I found her near a busted-out tanker in the bayou. Everything changed after that.
Ethan: So she infects you, and then she takes control?
Jack Baker: No, not exactly, son. She just – she forces her way into your mind and your soul and… you can't fight back. You are connected to her and you can't resist the urge to… You're a different person after that.
Ethan: So Mia sent me that message because of Eveline.
Jack Baker: Listen, the girl just wants a family of her own. She's the key, alright? You find her and you stop her. Ethan free my family – please.
Mia: Eveline, stay away from him.
Eveline: Why? He doesn't love you. I can make him love you.
Mia: Don't – Don't hurt him.
Eveline: Silly – I told you. I'm not going to hurt him.
Mia: Don't you dare.
Eveline: Or, what? You're not my mommy – remember.
Ethan: Mia? Mia? How?
Mia: There's no time. You have to get out of here and find her. Here, take this.
Ethan: Wait–wait–what are you doing? What are you doing?
Mia: Saving your life.
Mia: You need to go. I won't be able to resist for much longer. Now, go kill that little bitch.
Ethan: No-no. Mia-no! OK, you little bitch, where the fuck are you?
UNKNOWN: February 18, 1892\nThere was a collapse in the Patterson mine. Tuan and Beckford are dead, and Huxley will never walk on his own again.\nOld man Stan was right: the ground there is too unstable.\nFebruary 19, 1892\nThe company's not going to send us any replacements. They want us to work double shifts instead.\nI can't wait to get back to the old country.
Bravo 1: Alpha 1–this is Bravo 1–do you read? This is Alpha 1. Report. Did you find anything?
Alpha 1: A thorough search of the Baker property revealed zero survivors- Repeat, zero survivors. We did find evidence of a skirmish.
Bravo 1: Eveline?
Alpha 1: Negative. However, we did find several encrypted messages from the Baker's son, Lucas, to an unknown third party. You can probably guess who that was.
Bravo 1: That's just great. We've had reports he's in the abandoned mines sough of the property. I'm gonna go have a look.
Alpha 1: Roger that. We'll meet you at those coordinates.
Bravo 1: If you encounter Eveline – orders are shoot to kill. Repeat–shoot to kill.
UNKNOWN: Sent:\nFriday, January 16, 2015 12:42 AM\nThanks to you guys it's been about a week since my head's been clear and back to normal. And she STILL thinks she's got me! You guys really need to work on fixing that. Not only does she look like a little kid, but she's about as stupid as one, too.\nMom and dad are still totally under though. I was wondering. Is this whole "family" obsession something you guys programmed into her? It's kinda fucked up.\nSent:\nFriday, November 4, 2015 2:10 AM\nThat bitch Mia is still somewhere in between Evie-La-La Land and reality. She gets pretty violent, so I locked her up in a cell. I thought maybe Eveline would get mad since Mia's her favorite and all, but she doesn't seem to care. She actually goes and visits her sometimes. She thinks Mia's her mommy. Like I said, your "bioweapon" is fucked up.\nSent:\nFriday, September 1, 2016 1:10 AM\nEveline's family obsession is getting out of hand. She's making everyone kidnap more and more assholes off the street to add to her freak show of a family. Maybe she's getting tired of Mia not coming around, but it's a pain in the ass for me because I gotta clean up the mess whenever someone new comes along.\nBy the way, Evie's looking sick or something. Her skin is getting all wrinkly, and she's getting gray hairs. Is that supposed to happen? It's almost like she's getting old all of a sudden.
UNKNOWN: This report details the symptoms that appear when the bacterium* that grows inside of the E-Series infects a human. Be sure to read this document thoroughly before dealing with E-Series weaponized assets.\n+Hereafter referred to as “mold.” Initial Infection\nThe mold ingests nutrients from the subject's body to propagate itself, and slowly takes over cells within the body.\nAs a side effect of this, the infected subject gains remarkable regenerative abilities. During experiments, we removed arms and legs from test subjects and found that they were able to coapt the amputated limbs in a matter of minutes.\nMid-stage Infection\nOnce the mold reaches the brain, the subject's thoughts become “in tune” with those of the E-Series asset. The subject starts to hear things and experience hallucinations, and soon comes under complete control Of the E-Series asset. If this state continues, the host will lose all sense of ego.\nComplete Infection\nAfter every cell in the body has been taken over by the mold, the subject begins to lose their human form. Physical mutations differ from case to case, but all result in him or her acquiring incredible physical strength.\nContaining a subject at this stage would be extremely difficult.
UNKNOWN: E-Necrotoxin\nDestroys cells of any subject based on the E-series bioweapon model.\nUse only for disposal of E-series assets. The toxin must first be stimulated before use. Do this by placing a sample of an E-series' cells into the necrotoxin container.
UNKNOWN: This project was instigated in 2000 as one of several concepts for the companys NEXBAS initiative, working with technical assistance from H.C.F. to develop a bioweapon for neutralizing combatants en masse with minimal direct contact. NEXBAS was later folded, and all its assets diverted to this project. What makes this project markedly different from conventional weapons is its ability to tum enemy combatants into allies; converting hostile elements into willing servants.\nSince this effectively eliminates the costs of not only POW handling but also combat itself, it's no wonder we had the and even ’s organization chomping at the bit to get on board.\nThe project would never have existed were it not for the discovery in of , the remarkably progressed “vicariant evolution” fungus that we commonly term the “mutamycete.” The fabrication method for each bioweapon was to introduce the mutamycete genome to a pre-Stage 4 human embryo and perform cultivation in a controlled environment over a period of 38 - 40 weeks. The resultant organisms were referred to as "candidate specimens" and graded based on usability, from the impractical and faulty.\nSeries A through D, to the perfected E-Series. A common appearance was selected for the bioweapons; that of a roughly ten-year-old girl, to ensure ease of blending in with urban/refugee populations.\nThe first E-Series specimen, named Eveline, has proven capable of secreting the mutamycete from her tissue at will. It is also of note that Eveline's mutamycete imposes a profound control over body and mind when introduced into a host organism. We still have a lot to learn about the mechanism by which Eveline achieves and maintains this control, but the working theory is that the vector is similar to the autoinducer pheromones used for quorum sensing in pseudomonas bacteria.\nEveline's control is exerted in a series of discrete stages, the first of which is hallucination. Almost immediately after infection, the subject begins to see images of Eveline and even hear her voice . Auditions with infected subjects throughout the stages of infection reveal that at first, the phantom Eveline appears to be a normal young girl, sometimes desiring companionship Or assistance. As time progresses, she begins making more and more extreme demands, including self-mutilation and attacks on other people.\nThe psychological shock this induces helps to break down the mind's natural barriers to Eveline's brainwashing effect, and by the time mental control is achieved, the mutamycete infection has progressed throughout the body's cells, so the body .
UNKNOWN: Eveline's functions also include the ability to form organisms from mycelia, the fungal filaments. The term “organism” is used loosely here; strictly speaking, they are superorganisms formed Of countless mycelia. What's important, though, is that they exhibit a strong survival instinct and will defend themselves ferociously with the slightest provocation. Their fungal toughness and remarkable strength give them significant battlefield potential. The researchers have been calling these super- organisms the “Molded”; made of mold, and also molded as in “shaped.” The name has a certain elegance to it.\nFor the treatment of accidental infections, performing on samples of Eveline's body tissue produces a unique fungicidal serum. Administering the serum to an infected subject will cause the mycelia to calcify, but if the subject's cells are already largely invaded, the serum will be fatal. Since the treatment window is so small, the serum's primary use is therefore disposal of infected subjects, rather than a cure. In exploring the serum's potential, we found that subjecting it to would enhance its effects to extreme potency, becoming a compound we now call E-Necrotoxin, which in even tiny amounts.\nWhat's been interesting to observe in Eveline's behavior is her obsession with the concept of family. In experiments, we found on multiple occasions that infected subjects were compelled to act as her "mother" or "father," treating her as if she were really their daughter. Why did she settle upon family as the theme for her mental control? This is just speculation, but it could be that she instinctively understands that a family unit is better suited to blending into social groups than a lone girl. \nOn the other hand… well, a sentimental sort might suggest that she's making up for a perceived lack of "love" in her quarantined upbringing. A parent's love.
Eveline: Die!
Ethan: Fuck!
Eveline: This is your fault.
Ethan: Why am I seeing this?
Eveline: He doesn't want to be my Daddy? Then he can die. Now it's Mommy's turn to kill you. You're gonna be one of us. Then maybe you'll play nicely.
Ethan: I'm not playing.
Eveline: No! Get that away from me!
Mia: Forget about me! It all has to come down. I don't want to hurt you. I don't need your pity! Contained. She must be contained.
Eveline: Stay away! No you don't! No no no! 
Ethan: You?
Eveline: Why does everyone hate me?
Ethan: Goodbye, Eveline.
Eveline: It hurts! It hurts! It hurts!
Soldier: I'm Redfield. I'm glad we found you.
Ethan: The fuck took you guys so long?
Mia: Ethan?
Ethan: Mia– You made it. I'm glad.
Mia: Did I?
Ethan: They say that when one door closes, another opens. Well, a door closed tonight. And what a long night it was–but not just for me. Mia and I weren't the only victims here. So were the Bakers. It was that… thing, Eveline, who made them that way. But now Eveline’s dead.
Ethan: And these guys are here to clean up the mess. I had Just come to terms with losing Mia. But now she’s back and wants to start over– put all of this behind us. Maybe this is where the next door opens.