Ethan: Okay… where to start. My name… it's Ethan. Ethan Winters. It's been 3 years since everything happened at the Baker house. I was looking for my wife who disappeared. I got an email from her. She told me to come get her… and of course it's how I get in the middle of nowhere. Louisiana… I find Mia being held captive in a dark basement. She wasn't thinking right… she attacked me like some kind of wild animal. Later on I find out that she was infected by a special kind of mold. I looked all over the house trying to find an antidote. A vaccine, anything. The people who live there were already infected. What was left of them wasn't human. There’s so something infection was a bio weapon that look like a little girl. Her name was Evelyn. I fought the fucked up family and being able to treat Mia's symptoms with the serum… when Chris Redfield and his soldier buddies showed up and saved both of us. Is that enough? I really don't want to talk about what happened anymore.
Woman: Long ago, a young girl went with her mother to pick berries for her father who was hard at work. But the forest greeted them with a dark, cold silence, the bushes empty. Yet, determined to find the berries, the rascal broke free from Mother's grasp and vanished into the trees. Mother's worried cries faded fast as the girl ran on; over vine, and under branch and into the forest deep. Feeling strange eyes upon her, the girl recalled Mother's scary bedtime tales and her throat became bone dry. Then the Bat Lord appeared! He greeted, her warmly and bit his own wing. “Come, child. Quench your thirst,” he said. So she drank the thick, dark blood and smiled with joy. Passing through a graveyard, menacing storm clouds loomed and the air turned bitingly cold. Passing through a graveyard, menacing storm clouds loomed and the air turned bitingly cold. The girl was shivering in her thin clothes. Then a Dark Weaver appeared, and with a click of his fingers, crafted mist into a beautiful dress. “Come, child, warm yourself,” he coaxed. So she clothed herself and smiled with joy. Across waters deep and ominous she went, hoping a boat she found would carry her home. But hunger's grip tightened and her heart grew heavy. Then the Fish King appeared and offered one of his many fins. “Come, child. Eat your fill.” So the girl ate and smiled with joy once more. Continuing on, she soon entered the forest's dark heart. Then an Iron Steed appeared, bearing a beautiful, golden gear. The creature said nothing as the girl approached… …and snatched what she thought was another gift. The horse grew angry and summoned the other monsters. Terror filled the girl's heart as a wild wind rose about the beasts. Suddenly, a witch appeared-dark, yet regal.
Mia: “Gifts we gave, but more you took,” she snarled. “So more, in turn, is due.” “In a blink, the girl was trapped inside a mirror.” There. She's asleep.
Ethan: What is with the creepy story? She's only six months old.
Mia: Woman at the store said it was traditional.
Mia: A local tale. Besides, Rose doesn't seem to mind.
Ethan: Because she doesn't understand it, thank god. We moved here so that she wouldn't have to deal with any of that, remember?
Mia: There’s nothing wrong with my memory. You're just being paranoid.
Ethan: It's not—never mind I'm sorry. But I’m not paranoid, I'm just cautious.
Mia: Then, go cautiously take your daughter to bed. I'll finish dinner.
Ethan: It's OK, Rose. Your mother doesn't want to remember. I can't blame her.
Mia: Did you say something?
Ethan: Nothing—I'll put her down.
Rose's food 
6th:
- Rice cereal, banana purée
7th:
- Sweet potato purée
- Boiled spinach and cream
Ethan - Don't give her any sugar or honey.
And NO mushrooms!
“Feb. 2, 2021
Rose's half birthday!”
Ethan: Her birthday will be here before we know it.
Mia: They grow up fast. Let's just enjoy it while we can.
Ethan: There, there. It's like I said to your mom—that book's too scary for you.
Ethan: Your mom and I love this song so much.
Ethan: Almost there, honey.
Ethan: There you go, sweetheart. Don't you worry, I'll be right downstairs. Daddy won't let those weird fairy tale monsters get you.
Ethan: I wish it could stay like this forever.
Ethan: It's not paranoia if they're really out to get you.
UNKNOWN: Name: Rosemary Winters\nDOB: 02/08/2020\nHeight: 62.3cm \nWeight: 6.57kg \nScreenings :\nAll results show no issues. Patient is in good health.\nOther Notes:\nResults for additional fungal pathogen tests will be provided by BSAA\n—Applefeld Memorial Hospital\nEthan: Rose is fine.
UKNOWN: February 6th, 2021\nMia and I had another fight. I accidentally mentioned what happened three years ago and she blew up at me. We finally settled down in our new life in Europe and can bring Rose up properly. But… l still feel like a part of me is trapped in that hell hole back in Louisiana.\nI know Mia doesn't like to talk about it, but can we really just forget everything and pretend it didn't happen? Shouldn't we face what happened there so we can live our lives With Rose without it hanging over our heads? We owe her that match at least… I know Mia knows this too. She wouldn't have exploded like that at the hospital if she didn't care.
Ethan: Why do I even keep this around? I should get rid of it someday.
Ethan: Gotta do a deep clean before Rose starts walking around.
UNKNOWN: Curtain Closes on The Dulvey Gas Incident\nThe committee completed their investigation on the 18th into the Dulvey toxic gas leak in Louisiana in 2017. They concluded the deaths were caused by a leak of natural gas that had built up in the mudrock under the area.\nJack Baker and his family. Who were exposed to the gas, perished. Ethan Winters and his wife were also believed to be have been nearby but their current whereabouts are unknown. The entire area has been closed off by officials who believe it will be at least 10 years before the area is habitable again.
Ethan: Everyone's forgotten about this already….
On screen: Mia's medication. She's been on a strict regimen ever since the incident.
Ethan: She's going to grow up beautiful.
Ethan: She's asleep.
Ethan: She's started to outgrow them.
Ethan: Oh, Mia…what a miracle.
Ethan: Three years ago, I couldn't even imagine, something like this would happen.
On screen: Jazz albums you were never able to get when you were young.
Mia: Is she OK?
Ethan: Sleeping like a…well, like a baby. Mm, that smells good. What's that?
Mia: Hands off, mister. It's ciorba de legume. It's a local recipe.
Ethan: Wow. You've gone full native, haven't you?
Mia: Local wine, too. But if you're going to keep sulking all evening, maybe you shouldn't have any. You really have to stop worrying.
Ethan: It's just… Finding you in Louisiana, the pregnancy.Chris moving us here, military training—It all happened so fast, you know?
Mia: Well, at least we're all together. You, me, Rose. Now everything’s going to be—
Ethan: Seriously? You think we can just forget what happened in Louisiana?
Mia: It happened so long ago. I just I don't understand why you are so—
Mia: Wha—!?
Ethan: Mia, get down!
Ethan: ΜΙΑ!
Ethan: Mia. Oh, god…
Ethan: Chris…!? What the hell!?
Chris: Sorry, Ethan.
Ethan: No! What!? Why!?
Soldier: Go on, move!
Soldier 2: All clear.
Ethan: Rose? What the hell are you doing with my daughter?
Soldier 2: Package secured, sir.
Chris: Take him away.
Ethan: I said get your hands off her!
Chris: Ethan, no!
Ethan: Rose…
Chris: Get him out of here.
Ethan: Hey, Doc.
Doctor: Hello, Mr. Winters. I've got your daughter’s results back, and I'd like you to come in to talk about them. How about next Thursday, four o'clock?
Ethan: No problem, we'll be there. That was the Doc. She'll see us next week. Hey, now. Think positively, all right? We talked about this.
Mia: I know. We hardly talk about anything else. I keep telling you, it's not Rose that I'm worried about.
Ethan: Well then, what are you worried about? Look, she's going to be fine, I just know it! What else matters?
Mia: We matter, Ethan! YOU matter! You just won’t—
Ethan: Mia, what are you talking about? Is there something you're not telling me? Come on, talk to me!
Ethan: Dammit, I have to take this.
Ethan: Ugh… Jesus…
Man: About damn time! What's your status? Is the package safe?
Ethan: What are you talking about? Where's Chris Redfield, and Rose?
Man: Who is this? This is a secure channel, you are not authorized to use this.
Ethan: Fuck! What the hell happened here?
Mission Objectives:
UNKNOWN: - Eliminate target, recover body.\n- Secure Rosemary Winters and Ethan Winters.\nMove the two Winterses to site C for further investigation.\nAt least two transport officers to accompany them.
Ethan: What did all this?
Ethan: Where the hell am I?
Ethan: Maybe—maybe they're out?
Ethan: What happened?
UNKNOWN: “Locked due to missing home owner.”
Ethan: Aah! No no! Friendly, friendly!
Old Man: Who are you? Who sent you?
Ethan: Nobody! There was an accident, down on the road, and—
Ethan: What's going on?
Old Man: Oh, no. They're coming!
Ethan: Who is? What the hell was that?
Old Man: Do you have a gun?
Ethan: What?
Old Man: Please tell me you have a gun!
Ethan: No. Why would I?
Old Man: It's all I can spare. Take it! Take it!
Ethan: Tell me what's out there! Hey, are you listening? Hey!
Ethan: What the—!?
Ethan: Ah! Shit!
Ethan: A dead body? Wait…there's more… Jesus Christ… What the hell is wrong with this place?
Ethan: Get off! Shit!
Ethan: What the fuck was that!? No! St-Stay back!
Ethan: What the hell?
Ethan: Surrounded. Dammit!
Ethan: Is it…over?
Woman: Hello? If there are any survivors out there, come to my—to Luiza's house near the fields.
Ethan: Survivors?
Ethan: OK. Dammit.
Ethan: There's no end to them!
Ethan: You're kidding me!
Ethan: Wait, w-wait…
Old Woman: In life and in death, we give glory…
Ethan: Uh, hello? You shouldn't be out here. It's not safe. What the hell? Hey, can you hear me?
Old Woman: It's you? The child's father.
Ethan: Child? Hey, wait-do you mean Rose? Is she here?
Old Woman: Rose, Rose, yes! She is in great danger. Since Mother Miranda brought her to the village, we have fallen into darkness!
Ethan: What are you talking about? The monsters?
Old Woman: The castle bell heralds danger! They're coming! 
Ethan: No, wait! Where's Rose? Who's “Mother Miranda"?
Old Woman: The bell tolls for us all! They're coming again! 
Ethan: Rose is here?
UNKNOWN: O great lycans,\nThe fabled monster wolves of old,\nMay they come to eat our flesh,\nMay they come to tear us apart.
UNKNOWN: We offer these Goats of Warding to protect the village and its people. Any who break them shall feel Mother Miranda's wrath.
Ethan: Guess this leads to the castle.
UNKNOWN: “Should disaster fall upon the village, seek out the crests. One is in the care of the church. The other is at Luiza's house.”
Frightened Woman: Close the door! Please!
Ethan: Hey, what are you doing here?
Old Man: Stay back!
Frightened Woman: Please, don't hurt us!
Ethan: Whoa. It's OK. I'm not gonna hurt you. I'm just glad to see normal people at last. Have you seen any other survivors?
Frightened Woman: No, they're all in Luiza's house. And she's not answering, and the gate is locked.
Old Man: Quiet, girl! He's an outsider!
Ethan: Shit, we're sitting ducks in here. Can your old man walk?
Frightened Woman: No, one of the monsters cut him! He's lost a lot of blood—we have to get into Luiza's house!
Ethan: Shh… quiet! There must be a way inside. Stay here, be quiet, and don't move until I get those gates open.
Ethan: C'mon—it's clear!
Frightened Woman: Hurry, hurry!
Old Man: Took your damn time.
Ethan: You're welcome.
Frightened Woman: He's not used to relying on other people. I'm sorry. We'll be safe in here, won't we?
Ethan: Safer here than out there, that's for sure. Hey, do you know anything about what's going on around here?
Frightened Woman: It doesn't make any sense. Mother Miranda has always protected us—
Old Man: Nobody's answering! Come help me—
Frightened Woman: Father!? We have to get inside! Just hold on a bit longer, Papa.
Ethan: Hello? Anybody home?
Frightened Woman: Maybe a familiar voice… Luiza, open up! It's me, Elena!
Man: Stop shouting. You'll draw the monsters!
Elena: Julian, calm down.
Julian: Who's this?
Elena: A friend—
Julian: Stay back!
Elena: Father! For god's sake, Julian, let us in.
Julian: No, no, they'll smell the blood—You'll endanger us all!
Elena: My father will die out here!
Julian: That's not my problem!
Luiza: What's going on?
Julian: These people want to let a dying man into our home.
Luiza: Come now. “These people” are our friends. Go on, go inside. Come now, this way.
Luiza: You're not from this village…
Ethan: Uh, no. I’m Ethan.
Luiza: Julian, go make yourself useful and check the grounds. I said go!
Luiza: Well, if Elena trusts you… then so do I. Come inside, Ethan.
Luiza: Wait here, I'll check on the others.
UNKNOWN: Luiza,\nThey broke in again, got more of the livestock. I don't think we'll make it through winter at this rate. Ernest is still missing, too. We can't find him anywhere. Has Mother Miranda abandoned us?
Luiza: This way. Come inside, the others are waiting.
Drunk Guy: What the fuck is this? Outsiders—you're going to get us all killed!
Luiza: Quiet, Anton. He helped Leonardo and Elena.
Leonardo : We were doing fine by ourselves!
Luiza: Please, Ethan, take a seat.
Ethan: Is this all that's left? From your entire village?
Anton: All that's left? All that's left!? There is no one left! A worthless invalid! A stupid, wailing bitch…! And you! You drag a bloody man and an outsider in here like it's nothing… …and expect to be all safe? There is no safe! Every sorry bastard out there has been ripped in half! But tomorrow… Tomorrow we'll all be dead. Just like her damn husband! Put a sock in it, Roxana!
Luiza: That's enough! This house has protected my family for generations. And drunk or not, you are all welcome—and safe—in here.
Anton: Whatever.
Ethan: Can someone please tell me what the hell is going on here?
Luiza: We don't know. One day we were a quiet, devout village—and the next the monsters came and attacked us. And they—they kept coming, and—
Elena: Wait, Luiza, where is your husband. Did they…?
Luiza: No, n-no. He is out there—somewhere… H-He went to get help. Yes, yes, that's—that's it. He went to fetch help.
Roxana: Let us pray. For him. For all of us.
Luiza: Good idea. Come. Gather.
Everyone: Great ones, hear our voice, together as one in reverence. We call on thee within the endless dark to deliver us into fate's hands. As the midnight moon rises on black wings, so we make our sacrifice and await the light at the end. In life and in death, we give glory, Mother Miranda.
Luiza: Now, the tea should be ready. Come help me, Elena, please.
Ethan: That prayer—I've heard it before. There was an old woman near the graveyard.
Leonardo: You mean the hag? Dumb bitch is crazy as a bag of rats.
Luiza: There is wisdom in her devotion, though… And I hope it protected her as it shall protect us.
Anton: What the fuck are you doing!?
Luiza: Leonardo, what's wrong? Are you OK?
Elena: Father!
Ethan: Elena, no! Stay back!
Elena: No—let me go!
Ethan: Oh god, no. He'll kill us both! We have to go!
Ethan: Elena?
Elena: I said no!
Elena: Oh my god. I'm so sorry, Father…
Ethan: Hey, hey. That wasn't your father anymore. You did the right thing. Elena. Elena, no. There's nothing you can do!
Elena: Father!
Ethan: This entire place is collapsing!
Elena: Father! Father!
Ethan: You couldn't save him. He was already gone.
Elena: Leave me alone.
Ethan: No. We're getting out of here—together. I gotta get outta here…
UNKNOWN: “Take the screwdriver out of the keyring if you need it.”
Ethan: Damn, the fire's moving fast! 
Elena: What are you thinking?
Ethan: Step back. We can bust out with this.
Elena: Ethan! Ethan! Are you alright!?
Ethan: I-I'm fine. Let me back up again.
Elena: The fire—there isn't any time!
Ethan: Nowhere to go but up. Grab on. Hurry! Let's move!
Ethan: Don't worry, and try not to breath in the smoke.
Elena: I know. Thank you, Ethan. You're kind. I hope your family is safe.
Ethan: I do too. Once you get out of here maybe you'll get to meet them. Come on, it'll hold.
Ethan: There! That's our way out.
Elena: Thank god! But what then? The village is still full of monsters. We can't fight them! There's too many!
Ethan: Hey! Hey. Don't talk like that. We'll find a safe house to put you in until I can find my daughter. My hunch is she's in that old castle.
Elena: No! That place is full of nothing but blood and death! And I don't want to be alone while you're—
Elena: Father?
Ethan: Elena, no! That's not him—not anymore!
Leonardo: Elena…
Elena: He said my name! Father!
Ethan: Wait, it's not safe!
Ethan: Stay there! C'mon, give me your hand!
Elena: Ethan, go… Save your daughter!
Ethan: Elena, don't give up! Reach for me!
Ethan: God dammit! Why is everyone dying on me!? This is… this is just too much. I just… don't get it. This place has gone mad. Why the fuck is this happening again!? Shit!
Ethan: Who's there!?
Man: Stop! Mother Miranda!
Ethan: Hey! Who was—what was that?
Old Woman: Death. Yes. Death has visited them all! 
Ethan: “Nothing but blood and death,” huh?
Man with Hammer: Well, well. Didn't think anyone was left! You must be pretty tough, huh?
Ethan: Who the fuck are you?
Man with Hammer: Oh, you're not local! Even better.
Man with Hammer: Mother Miranda's gonna love you!
Man with Hammer: Quit your whining: we're almost there!
Woman with a Large Hat: The man is of no real use to anyone else. And my daughters do so love… entertaining foreigners.
Woman with a Large Hat: Furthermore, I can assure you if you entrust the mortal to House Dimitrescu, my daughters and I shall deliver to you the finest cups of his slaughtered blood.
Doll: Out of the way, ugly! I want to see—oh! He’s awake!
Deformed Freak: You mean—Y-You mean…?
Man with Hammer: Both of you, shut the fuck up!
Ethan: What…? Where…?
Man with Hammer: Yo mean you'll screw around with him in private, and where's the fun in that? Give him to me and I’ll put on a show that everybody can enjoy.
Lady Dimitrescu: Oh, so gauche. What do we care for bread and circuses? The manthing's suffering is assured, regardless.
Man with Hammer: Yack, yack. And if a man’s dick is cut off in the castle—blah, blah, blah!
Woman with a Circle Thing: I've heard all your arguments. Some of you were less persuasive than others, but… I've made my decision. Heisenberg. The man's fate is in your hands.
Lady Dimitrescu: Mother Miranda, I must protest! Heisenberg is but a child, and his devotion to you is questionable. Give the mortal to me, and I will ensure he is ready.
Heisenberg: Shut your damn hole and don't be a sore loser! Go find your food somewhere else.
Lady Dimitrescu: Quiet now, child! Adults are talking.
Heisenberg: I'm the child? You're the one who's arguing with Miranda's decision!
Lady Dimitrescu: You wouldn't know responsibility if it was welded to that hammer!
Heisenberg: Oh, keep growing, one day your head might actually fit your ego!
Doll: Fight, fight, fight, fight!
Ethan: Hey, don't I get a say in this?
Mother Miranda: SILENCE! My decision is final, there will be no argument. Remember from whence you came!
Heisenberg: Thank you.
Heisenberg: Lycans and gentlemen, we thank you for waiting! And now let the games begin! Let's see what you're really made of, Ethan Winters. Get ready!
Ethan: No, wait!
Heisenberg: Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven! Six! Five! Four! Three! Two! One! Showtime!
Ethan: Agh! Jesus Christ!
Heisenberg: That's right! Run for your life! Very nice, Ethan!
Ethan: No, no!
Heisenberg: You're still alive? Impressive…
Ethan: Oh shit. Shit!
Heisenberg: Haha! My word, you truly are as strong as they say!
Heisenberg: Oh, you didn't think I'd let you get away, did you? Gotta keep Donna and Moreau entertained! So, now it's time for the beautiful, blood-soaked grand finale! Hahaha! Nothing like fresh American ground beef!
Ethan: Too close… Wait. Do those freaks have Rose?
Fat Man: I've been waiting for you, Mister Winters.
Ethan: How do you know my name?
Fat Man: Anyone who is anyone has heard of the likes of you. A hero searching for his daughter. Though I must say, that castle arouses suspicion.
Ethan: Yeah, and so do you.
Fat Man: I am but a humble merchant.
Ethan: Here?
Fat Man: Forgive my manners, call me the Duke, Now to business. Weapons, ammunition, healing salves—Anything you desire, I can provide. Seeking something in particular? I've prepared a special present for you!
Duke: Hard times, Ethan? What're ya buyin’?—Haha, just something an old friend of mine used to say. Please come again.
Ethan: Could Rose be here…?
UNKNOWN: “Three Daughters Bela, Cassandra, and Daniela”
UNKNOWN: January 5th\nRednic - Delivery of one male, three females.\nJanuary 28th\nMother Miranda - Meeting with Mistress Dimitrescu.\nFebruary 1st\nThe Duke - Business discussions.
UNKNOWN: Norshteyn’s Labyrinths\nA craftsman of the late 19th Century, Norshteyn was branded a heretic in his homeland. He wandered the lands until he settled in a remote village.\nNorshteyn then created four labyrinths. The Castle, The House on a Hill, The Water Wheel, and The Iron Tower. Upon their completion, he put a gun to his temple and took his own life.\nEach labyrinth is unique and requires its own specially crafted metal ball to operate.\nEach one contains crystallized human remains, which are said to be Norshteyn's four beloved wives, The labyrinths are their graves.
UNKNOWN: “Mask the angels' blinded gaze and only then will you be saved.”
Woman: Looking for Rose?
Ethan: What the—?
Woman: Mmmm, man-blood.
Woman: Mother. I bring you fresh prey.
Lady Dimitrescu: You are so kind to me, daughters. Now, let's take a look at him. Well, well. Ethan Winters. You escaped my little brother's idiot games, did you? Let's see how special you are.
Daughters: Yes, Mother.
Lady Dimitrescu: Hm. Starting to go a little stale.
Daughter 2: Then let us devour his man-flesh quickly, Mother!
Daughter 1: But I am the one who captured him!
Lady Dimitrescu: Now, now, daughters First, I must inform Mother Miranda. But later… Well, there will be enough for everyone. Put him up!
Ethan: Hey, hey wait…
Ethan: Hey. Let me… down!
Lady Dimitrescu: Oh, careful what you wish for, Ethan Winters.
Ethan: W-Wait! Wh-Wh-What are you doing?
Ethan: Bunch of crazy witches…
Ethan: Where have they taken Rose…?
Duke: We meet again.
Ethan: Duke? Why are you here?
Duke: Where there's coin to be made… And have you found your daughter?
Ethan: No.
Duke: If she is truly here, the Lady of the castle would have kept little Rose in her private chambers, would she not?
Ethan: Dimitrescu?
Duke: The very same. Why don't you take a look? Maybe you'll get lucky. And speaking of looking… care to make a purchase? Seeking something in particular? I am skilled at all sorts of weapons modifications, and will do them for a small fee.
Duke: Thank you for your patronage!
UNKNOWN: The winemaking techniques of Castle Dimitrescu can be traced as far back as the 15th Century, long before the current occupants of the castle.\nAlcina Dimitrescu uses this legendary, yet peculiar, technique to enrich the wine's flavor intensity and bestow it with a thick bouquet.\nHer best vintage is Sanguis Virginis, meaning “maiden's blood.” It is kept in a special ornate bottle decorated with intricate silver flowers.
Daughter: I haven't cut open a man in a while! Let me string you up, slice your jugular, and just watch…. Taken alive? Dead? Which would you prefer?
UNKNOWN: June 9th, 1958\nIt was my first day working at the castle today. I was most shocked to see the other staff were all women!\nThe Mistress and her daughters were very adamant that they wouldn't bite.\nIt was quite peculiar.\nJune 23rd, 1958\nIt's been two weeks since I started working at the castle and I am a little… afraid.\nAnother maid, Adela, made a mistake and Miss Daniela slashed her face with a knife!\nAnd at night…l can hear wailing, as if ghosts roam the halls. I want to go home…\nJuly 8th, 1958\nI don't know what to do.\nThe young ladies were complaining it was too hot and stuffy during dinner, so I opened the window just a crack.\n“SHUT IT! SHUT IT NOW!” they all shrieked at me in unison.\nI fear I may be taken down into the cellar, never to be seen of again. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.
UNKNOWN: - Candidates -\nIrina, Mihaela, Lois, Ingrid\n- Rejects -\nDandora, Gretta, Nadine, Camelia, Bianca, Melina, Astrid, Lyudmila, Rosalinda, Lina, Stephana, Gabriella\n\nIrina - Robust appetite.\nMihaela - Robust appetite.\nLois - Robust appetite\nIngrid - Unstable. Overly alert at times.
Daughter: I can't believe Cassandra caused all this mess. A healthy man's blood… mmm, I can't wait.
Daughter: I need blood. Warm, wet, bright red blood. Where are you going, little one?
Daughter: Your bullets cannot harm—
Daughter: You stupid manthing!
Daughter: I won't forgive you, you bastard! Not like this…
Daughter: Give up! I don't believe it!
UNKNOWN: Another one was sent to the cellar. She had only spilled some soup…\nEveryone knows what happens when you're sent to the cellar. You're never seen again. They drain your blood, your soul cursed to wander the halls.\nI went looking for her, and when I found her, she was just skin and bones and gnawing on a rat carcass. I suspect it'll be my turn next.
Second Daughter: Shall give you the tour?
Second Daughter: Ugh, so thirsty…
Lady Dimitrescu: What have you done to my daughter!?
UNKNOWN: “Women are blind to male advances, but shall take their chances to give their lord their bounty sown, so that soon the wine may flow.”
Ethan: What the hell!?
Lady Dimitrescu: Mother Miranda. I regret to inform you that Ethan Winters, has escaped that fool Heisenberg. Because he is in my castle, and has already proven too much for my daughters to handle! When I find him—No, Mother Miranda. Yes, of course I understand the importance of the ceremony. I won't let you down.
Lady Dimitrescu: To hell with the ceremony! That man will pay for what he's done…
Lady Dimitrescu: We were all called by Mother Miranda to decide the fate of the child's father.\nJust thinking of that “family” meeting makes me shudder. To think I am treated like a sister to those miscreants!\nEspecially Heisenberg! That riffraff wouldn't know proper manners if they slapped him in the face!\nI would have sliced him to ribbons if Mother hadn't stopped me.\nWhy… Why does she treat me the same as them!?\nShe gave me this castle. obedient daughters, everlasting life, did she not?\nAm I not her favorite? Am I not special?\nI need a drink.
Ethan: Rose, where are you?
Ethan: Oh, shit.
Lady Dimitrescu: There you are. All this for a child that isn't even here!
Ethan: What the hell do—
Lady Dimitrescu: You ungrateful, selfish wretch! You come into MY house— You lay your filthy man-hands on MY daughters— And now you even try to steal my property? How dare you!?
Lady Dimitrescu: Rest while you can, because I will hunt you, and I will break you!
Ethan: Go ahead, do your worst!
Ethan: Aah, shit!
Lady Dimitrescu: Like I'd let you get away. You'll be sliced to ribbons——before you ever see that child!
Lady Dimitrescu: You will learn what it means to insult house Dimitrescu.
Lady Dimitrescu: Time to die! Ah, such a nimble little mouse.
Lady Dimitrescu: Running will get you nowhere!
Ethan: Good. Man, screw this castle!
Duke: It's a pleasure to see you safe. How were things?
Ethan: No sign of Rose.
Duke: I'm… so sorry it turned out that way. Well, you'll find your way to her once you're out of this castle. Do you have need of anything for the road ahead? Thanks to your consistent patronage, I've expanded my services. If it's just looking, window shop away.
Duke: As always, a trustworthy, fair exchange. One moment, please. This is all an investment, Ethan. Please come again.
Second Daughter: Trying to work up my appetite, are you?
Lady Dimitrescu: You disgusting outsider!
Second Daughter: Hmm. I guess I should hold back a little.
UNKNOWN: Please be aware the Mistress's lipstick is missing.\nIf anyone finds it could they please return it to her bathroom.\nIt is custom made and therefore very expensive.\n- Grand Chambermaid
UNKNOWN: One day since treatment.\nThe three girls have stopped moving.\nThey seem almost dead.\nAn insect flew out of the eldest's mouth.\nIt appears to be a common fly.\nTwo days since treatment.\nAll three bodies are covered in flies.\nIt appears the flies are consuming their flesh.\nWhen I opened a window some of the flies dropped dead to the floor. It would seem the cold petrifies them. I quickly closed the window to avoid weakening the insects further.\nFour days since treatment.\nAll three bodies have almost been completely consumed by the insects. All that is left is a dark, writhing human-shaped mass of creatures.\nIt is just after noon and the insects have started to change color. Those around the face turned pale and those around the lips turned a deep crimson.\nSix days since treatment.\nThe mass of insects have transformed into human bodies again.\nAll three girls awoke, looking at me like newborns.\nI sense a bond between us. Like mother and daughters.\nI have already decided their names:\nBela, Daniela, and Cassandra.\n\nScientific name: None\nSize: 5 - 6cm\nSimilar body structure to blow flies, although there are differences in the head.\nThey are carnivorous and vigorously consume meat.\nIn order to catch unsuspecting prey, they'll gather using pheromones to mimic a human.\nThey are produced when a Cadou lays eggs in its host, but the flies themselves are unable to reproduce. They are weak to sudden drops in temperature.\nEspecially if the temperature drops below 10°C , their metabolism lowers and they go into a dormant, cryptobiotic state.\nSimilar to the cryptobiosis of Tardigrade or Polypedilum vanderplanki?
Second Daughter: Play with me some more.
Second Daughter: I was worried my sisters had gotten to you first.
Second Daughter: You've ruined the hunt!
Second Daughter: You bastard! My body! What? No! You're done! You will not get away! You're my prey… mine…
Ethan: Crazy witch.
Lady Dimitrescu: You disgusting outsider!
Third Daughter: So you finally came to see me! Everyone falls for me in time.
Third Daughter: Ugh! Ow, so mean! You really want to kill me!? Why are you doing this!? Ugh, damn! A dream. This is a dream. I don't wanna… die…
Ethan: I'm sick of bugs.
UNKNOWN: I heard there was something called “the Dagger of Death's Flowers” somewhere in this castle.\nIt's apparently an antique from the Middle Ages that's coated in a concoction of poisons from across the continent. It's said to have been crafted to kill demons and monsters.\nIt sounds fascinating but… no one knows where it is.
Ethan: OK, I should be able to get out with these.
Lady Dimitrescu: Stupid manthing! You won't live long, even if you run!
Lady Dimitrescu: You've ruined everything!
Ethan: Oh shit!
Monster Dimitrescu: Flesh, bones, I will devour all of you!
Ethan: Looks like your outside matches your inside now, psycho witch.
Monster Dimitrescu: You'll die a painful death!
Monster Dimitrescu: I will destroy you! You're a lucky man, Ethan! Besides Miranda, you're the only one to ever see me in this form. Too bad you'll pay for it… with your life! I will never forgive you! Too late for regrets! I'll crush you, you scum! I'll tear you limb from limb! Disgusting garbage! How dare you talk about saving your daughter when you've murdered mine!? You human pest! You would take everything from me!? I'll crush you! You can't escape! Like hell you'll kill me! Eat you… I'll eat you! Agh, just give up! Your daughter belongs to us, now! Rose is our only hope! We won't hand her over to the likes of you! Not enough blood! More! More blood! I need your flesh! You've got nowhere else to go, Ethan! Come now, don't be shy. Show me your terror! Now… time to die! I’ll eat you up, every last morsel! Die! Die! Damn you, Winters!
Monster Dimitrescu: It's too late… you'll never see your Rose again… Succumb to your despair!
Monster Dimitrescu: Curse you!
Ethan: You're the one who's cursed.
Ethan: Looks like I'm getting outta this place.
Ethan: Rose…
UNKNOWN: I finished that item that was requested.\nPlease deliver it to the house with the red chimney. Go through the caves to the ruins, then down into the village.
Old Woman: As the midnight moon rises on black wings, we await the light at the end… In life and in death, glory to Mother Miranda.
Ethan: Hey, remember me? I almost died up at that castle. Tell me what is going on around here?
Old Woman: How can a man be “almost” dead? That's a question for the wise.
Ethan: You know what I mean. And I still haven't found Rose. Where did Mother Miranda take her?
Old Woman: You're too late! Or maybe…”almost” too late? The child will be sacrificed. Life for life.
Ethan: What kind of sick medieval shit is this? She's just a baby!
Old Woman: The crests of the four bloodlines may open the path you seek..
Ethan: Will you please stop talking in riddles? I just want to find my daughter.
Old Woman: It's only a riddle if you don't know the answer. 
Ethan: Wait a second, that looks familiar. Hey! Hey, wait! 
Ethan: Is this…?
Duke: There you are. I had a feeling you would pop up here.
Ethan: It was all worthless.
Duke: Is that so? I assume you've picked up something of value.
Ethan: Not sure if it's of value, but…
Duke: Why—you have your daughter right in your own hands.
Ethan: What are you saying?
Duke: Take a closer look.
Duke: That flask seems to contain her head.
Ethan: No… Wh-Wha-?
Duke: Rose is—
Ethan: Don’t say another word! This—this is impossible! This just can't be…!
Duke: Your daughter's essence is still intact. Her powers are truly unique.
Ethan: Who—who could even do this?
Duke: She can be saved you know?
Ethan: Saved? From this? Are you insane!?
Duke: There's a house with a red chimney on the western side of the village. Go and seek out the man who lives there. Then we can continue our conversation.
Ethan: Quit holding out and get to the damn point!
Duke: You don't have to trust my words, but do you have any better options? Your choice. The customer is always right, after all.
Ethan: You'll pay if I find out this is a lie.
Ethan: Fucking joker…!
Ethan: What the hell?
Duke: Naturally. Oh, Lady Dimitrescu! Beautiful even in death. That waistline… yes! This simple modification can be done in just a moment. Please come again. Oh good. I was just thinking of ways to pass the time. I see, anything else? Thank you for your patronage!
UNKNOWN: I heard a scream from the house with the chimney.\nI was going to take a look but the way was blocked by debris. Going to have to take the long way around. Who would have thought the hole in the stable walls would come in handy.\nIf I'm not back by morning… you should go to Luiza's house alone.\n-Father
UNKNOWN: To whom it may concern,\nDue to the Luthier's long absence, I am keeping hold of his house key.\nPlease find me if you need it.\nRegards, Josef Simon
UNKNOWN: Operation Date: 2.9.2021\nRecorded By: NH\n1135 - Arrived at site. No sign of EW or RW\n1210 - Infiltrated village.\nEngaged with number of bioweapons\nFound evidence of EW. RW location unknown.\n1310 - Established base in church.\nPlan of operations:\nLB/TD/K9 - Search laboratory\nNH/UE - Analyze mold samples.\nAlpha - Infiltrate factory.
UNKNOWN: “The Winged Key is just a single piece. Three more parts are needed to make it whole.”
UNKNOWN: February 1st\nSacrificed two goats to Mother Miranda.\nFebruary 3rd\nOffered wool to Mother Miranda.\nShe instructed I find her a list of drugs and tools in the next few days.\nWhat for, I wonder?\nFebruary 8th\nNo messages from Mother Miranda.\nYet the livestock won't stop their ruckus.\nFebruary 9th\nI was instructed to take the items to the cave church at sunrise.\nBut what I saw was… frightful.\nThe great Four Lords were there and Mother Miranda was holding a child.\nShe whispered something and touched the child…\nI can't explain it well but… the child… turned into a white crystal?\nThen… then… she…\nI couldn't help but speak up and I asked her why she did such a thing.\nMother Miranda just smiled at me.\n“This is the chosen child.\nShe will return to her original form no matter what befalls her.”\nThen she gave each lord a part of the crystal in a flask and they left.\nI forgot to bow to Mother Miranda before I fled.\nI'm still shaking.\nWhat did she do?\nWhat is that child?
Ethan: Damn it… Better see Duke again.
Duke: How was it? Did you learn anything?
Ethan: I found these feathers. Now tell me how to fix this like you said you would.
Duke: Settle down. First you must use that key and collect all of your little Rose's flasks.
Ethan: Where are the rest of them?
Duke: There are four in total. You have the one, and the other lords have the rest.
Ethan: Lords?
Duke: Mother Miranda is the cold, calculating ruler of this village. Four lords serve under her. The first you've already met, the lady Dimitrescu. The second lives deep in a valley of mist, the doll maker Donna Beneviento. None of her playmates have ever come back from that dank, old estate. The third is Moreau, a being of twisted flesh that lives in the reservoir past the windmills. It's said that he is not the only monster that lives in those waters. The fourth and most dangerous is Heisenberg. He works in his factory on the village outskirts. And the project? Let's just say parts of the human imagination are better left alone.
Duke: If you truly wish to save your daughter, you must first gather the four flasks. I'll do you a personal favor. I've marked the Lords' locations on your map. Some treasures still lurk in this village. I'm sure each one will prove of great use to you.
Ethan: Why are you doing all this?
Duke: Why it's all part of our first class customer service. Please do come again soon…
Duke: Shall I choose something for you? Ah yes, I have you! Find some quality ingredients and bring them to me. You kill it, we cook it! Hand over ingredients. We've gathered all the ingredients! Now… Here it is. Please, join me!
Ethan: Not a bad dish.
Duke: I'm buying this because of our relationship, you know. I'm surprised you'd part with this so early. I hope this one makes itself useful. I am skilled at all sorts of weapons modifications, and will do them for a small fee. Have a wonderful adventure!
Ethan: What?
Mia: Ethan! Come with me. There's something I have to tell you.
Ethan: Mia? What's going on?
Mia: Rose feels different. Ethan, you have to fix her…
Ethan: What the hell is this?
Mia: Everyone leaves me… even Rose… I don't want to be alone…
Ethan: This can't be real…
Ethan: Am I losing it?
Ethan: What's going on?
Doll: I've been waiting for so long… I'd make a much better daughter than Rose. Please won't you stay with me forever? 
Ethan: What?
Ethan: Wait, where's my gun?
Mia: Whoa, that's a kick! Can you believe it? S-She's so energetic, it's crazy!
Ethan: Why is this here?
Mia: Oh god, no… I, I can't tell Ethan anything but this.
UNKNOWN: Our Happy Family\n1. Rose's best friend in the whole wide world.\n2. She really likes this fairytale.\n3. The most important thing in the world to us.\n4. A wedding gift from grandma.\n5. Proof of Ethan's everlasting love for me.
Mia: Please Ethan, listen to me. I didn't want to keep it from you.
Ethan: Mia?
Mia: I didn't want to lose you again—I didn't want to destroy this family.
Ethan: Mia, what are you talking about?
Mia: I love you both so much I had to. I had to do it.
Mia: Rose…
Mia: It'll be fine. It'll be fine. It'll be fine. It'll be fine. It'll be fine. It'll be fine.
Woman in Black: Don't leave… I can't let you…
Doll: Ooh, you're still alive, huh?
Doll: You better find me quick, before my friends murder you! Tick-tock! Your life's on the line!
Ethan: Wait!
Doll: Try and find me, haha!
Doll: Everything would be better if Rose wasn't born
Ethan: Fucking monster!
Doll: You do this to Rose too?
Doll: You are never going to get out of here!
Doll: Stupid idiot! What are you doing to my cute friends!?
Ethan: It's… over?
Ethan: Mia… I’ll make things right.
Ethan: What?
Ethan: Good, I need to get out of this place,
Ethan: So that's who was behind all this.
Ethan: That makes two…
UNKNOWN: November 10th\nMistress Donna is now Mother Miranda's adopted daughter. In all my years, I've never been this overjoyed.\nEver since childhood she has always feared others, due to the scar across her face.\nAfter her parents' death she locked herself away and would only talk to Angie, the doll her father made her.\nI am forever thankful to Mother Miranda's infinite compassion.\nNovember 27th\nMistress Donna seems happy. It might be my imagination, but I feel like her doll Angie is even more lively than before.\nShe came to me in the garden today and used Angie to talk with me. We had a mighty fine conversation.\nSomething about receiving a gift of power from Mother?\nNovember 29th\nMistress Donna gave me yellow flowers and told me to plant them in the garden.\nI planted them in front of Miss Claudia's grave. I don't know if it was the scent of the flowers, but I felt light headed. Then, like a dream, I saw my departed wife.\nI mentioned this to Donna and she seemed thrilled by it. She told me to go to the house tomorrow and see her. She said I could see my family once more.\nI'm not sure what she meant by that, but she's kind.
Duke: Does this look familiar to you…?
Duke: Ooh! Where did you get your hands on such a thing? I saw you eyeing that one! Please come again.
Duke: Now this is something to splurge on!
Duke: Securing goods is more important than anything. Anything, my friend. Please come again.
UNKNOWN: The wounds are severe. I won't last much longer.\nI can hear it shuffling about outside.\nIt barely flinched when I shot it.\nI feel like it's toying with me.\nThat… isn't a wolf.\nStill, I won't lie down like a dog!\nIf I can get to the old watermill I can stop it. I can protect you.\nIt's so close…\nDamn, I’m so cold. My legs won't work.\nI’m so sorry Luiza. Please forgive me.
Moreau: Oh, Mother Miranda… If it's for you, I'd do anything!
Ethan: I'll just be taking this…
Moreau: Wait, wait,wait! Wh-What are you doing with Mother's special child!?
Ethan: She's not hers.
Moreau: Oh? You have something to say?
Ethan: What do you mean, “Mother's special child"?
Moreau: Mother wants her baby back.
Ethan: Don’t screw with me!
Moreau: Wait, wait, wait! Please, please! If, if you take it, then the others will laugh at me… B-But if, if I do better than them…
Ethan: What do I care?
Moreau: Wait, just a little longer, ple—!
Ethan: What's so funny?
Moreau: You're stupid! You talk too much! It's all over, I plugged the way in.
Ethan: Wh-What're you…?
Moreau: This is MY territory! And I won't let you leave!
Ethan: Shit! Damn freak!
Moreau: W-Wait! Don't go! Dirty little sneak thief. I-I won't let you have it.
Ethan: How do I get out of here?
UNKNOWN: Leave the boat key in the shack in the mine.\nHans is dead, so no more fishing for a while.\nI mean, we all know his death was no accident.\nHe was eaten by a giant fish! Boat and all!
Ethan: What was that?
Ethan: What the hell? A research post, or something…? What the fuck are they doing here?
Ethan: Get off of me!
Soldier: Stay the fuck down!
Chris: Ethan. I gotta say, I'm surprised you made it this far. It'd be a shame if something happened to you now.
Ethan: Sure, Chris. Why not? You killed Mia! Now do me and finish the job!
Soldier 2: Hey Cap. I'm getting some serious motion readings out here. We should move on.
Chris: What kind of readings? What's moving?
Soldier 2: Unknown, but my guess is we've been here too long, and Miranda knows it.
Ethan: Hey. Hey! Did you say Miranda? How are you involved?
Chris: Leave it alone, Ethan. You are out of your depth. What about the sample analysis?
Soldier 2: It's definitely related to the mold.
Chris: You stay out of our business, Ethan.
Ethan: What business? I don’t—
Chris: Watch out!
Ethan: Shit! Stay back!
Moreau: You… The exit's underwater… you're done!
Ethan: I don't have time for this.
Moreau: It's too late… Miranda is already preparing the ceremony!
Ethan: Miranda sent you to slow me down? You're pathetic.
Moreau: Don't be cruel! It's not fair! I should be with her! Not you!
Ethan: What are you talking about?
Ethan: What the fuck is wrong with you?
Moreau: I can't hold it in anymore! Oh God. Oh, Mother why? Why!?
Ethan: What am I supposed to do? He said the exit's underwater. If I can drain the water…
Ethan: Shit, there's no power.
UNKNOWN: This crank is old and busted up.\nIt feels like it's going to snap any second.\nI hope it doesn't break. The only other one we have is over at Windmill Two.
Ethan: Ugh, seriously…?
Ethan: I'm not looking to be fish food.
Moreau The Giant Toad: Up and down!
Ethan: Damn.
Ethan: It stinks.
Moreau The Giant Toad: I'm the best! Watch me, Mama! I'll do better next time, Momma…
Ethan: Caught myself a big one.
Ethan: I need to get out of here!
Ethan: OK!
Ethan: Got it!
Duke: Ah, yes, yes… As always, a trustworthy, fair exchange.
Duke: Finished! I'd love for you to enjoy, as well. I wouldn't mind having that again. I've gotten some new stock! I saw you eyeing that one! Have a wonderful adventure!
Moreau The Giant Toad: My precious water! No!
UNKNOWN: October 1, a sunny day.\nMother Miranda brought me 5 peoples from the village. Just like I askeded.\nI made them sleep with some liquid and then I put Cadou in their tummies.\nI am looking forward to the Cadou to grow in their tummies.\nOctober 2, a cloudy day.\n4 of the people from the village are dead this morning.\n1 is almost a lycan.\nI sent it to my lab on the mountain.\nI failed again. Mother wants strong vessels but I cannot get any.\nI will need more people from the village.
Moreau The Giant Toad: I'll make you proud, Mother. Watch me!
Ethan: I guess I gotta do this.
Moreau The Giant Toad: Get out of my way! Take, take this! Stop! You bastard! Why do you hate me? You're the reason Mother doesn't love me. I've, I've been saving this one. Oh, why? Stop picking on me! Don't look at me that way! Please Mother Miranda, I'm trying. I'm not stupid! D-Don't run. Ugh…this… isn't fair… Listen to me! Nooooo!
Ethan: Can't get caught in that.
Moreau The Giant Toad: Stop! Ha ha! I don't want to die. Oh it hurts so much. Don't look at me that way!
Moreau The Giant Toad: Damn you! H-Help me! Mother! Maaaaaaaaaaaa—!
Ethan: In death as he was in life. Disgusting. The exit's up ahead…
UNKNOWN: Mother Miranda gave me a Rose jar.\nNo one likes me which is why I thought they would leave me out again.\nBut Heisenberg said that was why we each get a Rose. The ceremony cannot happen without us all there.\nMother didn't seem to care though…\nMother said Rose is a vessel.\nWith a vessel Mother can get her real child back.\nEven though she has been dead for a very long time.\nBut if Mother does then… what will happen to me?\nI'm not her real child…\nWould she abandon me?\nNo! I don't want that!\nNo! No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNot No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNo! No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNo! No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNo! No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNo! No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNo! No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNo! No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNot No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNo! No! No! No! No! No! No!\nNo! Not No! Not No! No! No!\nNo! No! No! No! No! No! No!
Heisenberg: You're better off than I thought.
Ethan: Who's that?
Heisenberg: Oh come on, we just met a while back! Not that it has a matters…
Ethan: You're the last asshole in my way, aren't you?
Heisenberg: You've got fight, I'll give you that, Ethan. But what's the plan when you have all four flasks?
Ethan: What're you trying to get at?
Heisenberg: I could lend you a hand.
Ethan: Trying to get on my good side?
Heisenberg: Don't get cocky. I'd kill you if you weren't worth the trouble… There's a stronghold not too far outside the village. Go there and get my flask. Do that, and you pass. First, head back to the graveyard. 
Ethan: Self-centered prick.
UNKNOWN: Mother Miranda gave me a mountain.\nNow I can do lots and lots of Cadou experiments.\nThis is my secret special laboratory.\nI did 3 Cadou experiments today.\nBut they all went pop and made a mess.\nI put in the Cadou and then I tried putting wolf blood from a needle into the spine.\nThe person wriggled a lot and then killed my assistant.\nI could not hold it down so I put it in a cage.\nNow I have to feed it.
Duke: Ah…my apologies. Please do take a look at my new stock. This is Lord Moreau's? I suppose it's what they call "the beauty of the grotesque"? These hands are more dexterous than one might think. Hmm? What? Ah, it's fine. All finished. Securing goods is more important than anything. Anything, my friend. I can hardly wait for the next ingredients! Ah, yes, yes… I saw you eyeing that one! To hunger… is to be alive. Thank you for your patronage!
UNKNOWN: July 8th\nToday's the day the jolly merchant stops by. He always gives me old newspapers. I know Miranda forbids them but news of the outside world is always so fascinating.\nThere was one thing that piqued my interest in the last one. It was an article about some medicine company? I don't remember the name but their emblem looked familiar.\nIt was the same symbol on the Giant's Chalice.\nI'm pretty sure I saw the same one painted on the walls in the cave too.\nThat radiating umbrella image really stands out. What's some outsider company emblem doing here? I wonder if it had anything to do with that man that stayed here all those years ago?\n…Nah. I'm over thinking it.
UNKNOWN: DNA sequencing complete. 99.95% match to Dulvey mutamycete. The deviation of 0.05% can presumably be attributed to artificial changes by humans. Which means this is probably the source.\nFurther investigation into how The Connections managed to find and extract the mold is needed.\nThe fungal colony is spread out under the entire village.\nWhen you take the Baker incident into account, the hosts of the mutamycete are part of a network of consciousnesses.\nIf that network is linked to here then we could assume this organism here is data storage?\nIf that's the case, then what “data” is Miranda after?
Ethan: How do I get this door open?
Ethan: This must be their den.
Ethan: OK, big guy!
UNKNOWN: The King's orders finally arrived… “Withdraw.”\nIt is most vexing that we must abandon the border stronghold to those heretics. If I had but a little more time, I know I might be able to turn the tides of this battle.\nNay… I should not put on airs. It is my curiosity that ties me to this place.\nThere are a number of ruins in the vicinity. Which the locals say are very ancient.\nThe ceremony site with four giant statues. The caves with murals carved on the walls. The stone plinth they call the Giant's Chalice.\nWhere did the people who built them come from? Where did they go? It irks me that we must abandon this place without knowing.
Ethan: That's not good.
Ethan: Eat shit.
Ethan: W-What?
Heisenberg: You're the real deal, Ethan. Well done.
Ethan: Quit hiding, asshole. I'm not letting you get out of this.
Heisenberg: Cool your jets. Just a little bit more and you're all wrapped up. I'll lend you a hand, so in exchange…
Ethan: In exchange what?
Heisenberg: First of all, come to me. Put all the flasks in the Altar, and I'm sure you'll figure the rest out. See you, Ethan.
Ethan: Goddammit.
UNKNOWN: Cadou Implantation Notes.\nSubjects: 174-181\nSubject 174: Mihai M\nCharacteristics:\n21, male, Silversmith\nScars from pneumonia\nResults: Low affinity. Cadou failed to grow.\nBody transformation, drop in cognition.\n\nSent to pasture.\nSubject 177: Bernadette B\nCharacteristics:\n21, female, no occupation\nNo history of illness.\nResults: Death\nSubject 181: Alcina D\nCharacteristics:\n44, female, noble descendant\nNot from the village\nHereditary blood disease\nResults: Very high affinity. NO loss of cognition.\nArbitrarily able to control body transformation.\nApplied cognition control procedure.\nSent for observation.
Ethan: I don't give a damn about your personal issues! I just want to fix my daughter!
Heisenberg: So do I! Do you have any idea how powerful that kid is? Even Miranda's scared of her—
Heisenberg: Last time, you freak, I swear to god… You and me, Ethan. Together we go save Rose, and then we can use her to grind Miranda into paste.
Ethan: My daughter is not a weapon! Fuck you!
Heisenberg: Last chance. You don't want to find out what's in that hole.
Ethan: I'll take my chances.
Heisenberg: Your funeral.
Ethan: Dammit! Shit!
Ethan: A dead end! Dammit!
Ethan: What was that thing? This place is messed up. I've gotta get upstairs.
Duke: Welcome, welcome! You're sure to find something new. Shall I choose something for you? Hoho - you've brought in something special. You'll be slaughtering things in droves! Till next we meet.
UNKNOWN: Mechanical Soldier: Soldat\nver. 1.00\nFully-grown male corpse used.\nRemoved heart and implanted Cadou.\nMuscle stimulation via electric shock was successful.\nBrain dead so no high cognitive ability.\nOnly moves by destructive instinct, then stops.\nMechanical Soldier: Soldat\nver. 1.01\nAttached headgear to the cranium.\nElectrodes confirm stable brainwaves.\nExperiment One: lycan fight.\nWas dismantled and eaten within three minutes.\nIssues with destructive and murderous capabilities.\nMechanical Soldier: Soldat\nver. 1.10\nReplaced lower part of arm with drill.\nNot enough output for effective movement.\nNeed live bodies perhaps?\nMechanical Soldier: Soldat\nver. 1.15\nImplanted Cadou reactor into the chest.\nOutput greatly increased.\nExperiment Two: lycan fight\nDestroyed three lycans in one minute.\nGood results but issues with reactor durability.\nMay stop functioning if the reactor is destroyed.
Ethan: Did he do this too? Can’t surprise me anymore.
Ethan: Could use this.
Heisenberg: Oh Ethan, such a disappointment.
Heisenberg: I thought we could join forces against that bitch Miranda. Truly, truly disappointing. She took me. Took us. To be her children. She locked us away in the village. Decades of being forced to serve her. Can you even understand that humiliation? I'm not like my siblings. I want nothing more than to be free of that bitch. So I need power. I need enough power to destroy her. These are the fruits of my power. The strong will destroy the weak. That's the way of the world! You should have never refused me, Ethan.
Ethan: What a freak.
Heisenberg: Medical log, revitalization surgery. This is my… 18th attempt. Subject is Oskar the stable boy, 20 years old. He fell down the well while drunk. Body's in good condition. Chest incision complete. Now to remove the heart and vital organs, and implant the control device. Excellent. Cadou has begun adhering to the nervous system, It's progressing even faster than before. It seems upping the ratio, of meta-albumin in the artificial blood was the right choice. Now to pass a current through the brain stem using 6600V. Come on… it has to work this time. Yes… Yes! Hahaha! Wonderful! My creation! At last! I'll get that bitch yet! Hahaha! …Ending recording.
Ethan: You again!?
Duke: I've expanded my services. Please, come take a look. You wish to make a purchase? I'm buying this because of our relationship, you know. Food is life. Good day, then! Got a long way to go.
Heisenberg: Miranda thinks we're nothing but children. Oh she doesn't care for us, no. She's long lost all her humanity. I must destroy her…
Ethan: I don't give a shit about your family drama.
Ethan: Another one?
UNKNOWN: Soldat Enhancement: Soldat Jet\nAttached a jet pack and head stabilizers to a Soldat. Greatly improves mobility.\nExperiments prove limited flight capabilities.\nNo long-distance flight, but now possible to navigate rugged terrain.\nSoldat Enhancement: Soldat Panzer\nAttached aluminum alloy shielding to a Soldat to protect chest reactor and exposed flesh.\nExperimentation proves he is against regular firearms.\nArmor doesn't hold up against strong blasts.\nFurther development needed.
Ethan: Shit, that was close.
Heisenberg: Soon, she'll start her ceremony with your Rose. If that happens, it's all over. For your kid, and for the whole village. But don't worry, I'll stop it. I'll use Rose to kill Miranda. Haha, poor papa. You're the only one who doesn't see your kid's power.
Ethan: Take Rose? Heh, I'd like to see you try.
Heisenberg: You really are a tough one. But I'm tired of chit-chat. Time to die! You can hear it, can't you? Someone's waiting for you.
UNKNOWN: Prototype: Sturm\nUsed a cheap turboprop engine, but he's impossible to control. All he does is charge.\nToo much power output from the reactor?\nCompletely invincible head on.\nBut the dumbass managed to chop his own damn arms off on the propeller. Also issues with overheating from running for long periods of time.\nConclusion: A complete failure.
Ethan: I don't have time for this bullshit. Out of my way!
Ethan: Now stay down.
UNKNOWN: Miranda is abominable.\nHer deceit knows no bound.\nWe're merely a bunch of failed Cadou experiments to her.\nI was just lucky I had more affinity to the stuff than the other poor shmucks in the village.\nSo she still calls me her “son.”\nWhat a joke. I'll never forgive her for what she did to me.\nThat crazy bitch has never been right in the head.\nShe can't see a difference between “experiment” and “family.”\nMiranda didn't just change my body.\nShe took my dignity.\nIf I don't kill her then my life will never be my own.\nStill… she may be crazy but she's also powerful. She can turn into anyone using the Megamycete.\nThe trick is that brat. Rose. If I could access her power then maybe…\nSpeaking of, the kid's dad. Ethan has a pretty interesting body himself.\nMaybe I could get him to help me out…
Ethan: What the-?
Heisenberg: Not bad, not bad, Winters. You're persistent, but I've got a rebellion to lead… …So stay out of my way.
Monster Heisenberg: Don't. Come. Back!
Ethan: That bastard. Damnit, again?
Chris: Gimme that.
 Chris: I told you to leave it alone, Ethan. You are in the way.
Ethan: What do you care, Chris? You killed my wife, you son of a bitch!
Chris: You think I’d kill Mia? That wasn't her! It was Miranda.
Ethan: …What?
Chris: She's a bioweapon. She changed her appearance and pretended to be Mia. It seems she also survived being shot, so now I'm here to finish the job.
Ethan: Bullshit! Why didn't you fucking tell me right away!?
Chris: Because I knew you would want to be involved! And this job is hard enough without civilians getting in the way.
Ethan: Why us, Chris? What the hell is going on?
Chris: All right, Ethan. All right. I guess I owe you an explanation. Hand me that wrench. Long story short, Miranda's fucking insane. And this village, all these monsters and freaks… this is her life's work. Some sort of crazy experiment with the mold.
Ethan: The mold. Like Louisiana. Goddammit. All this time, I thought I could save my family… I can't escape from here… I can't do anything!
Chris: That might not be true. Take a look at this. My men sent those pictures a few minutes ago.
Ethan: Miranda.
Chris: Keep looking.
Ethan: Rose. Holy shit, we've gotta go!
Chris: Relax! My men are monitoring the situation.
Ethan: But they have my daughter!
Chris: You don't get it, Ethan. You don't stand a chance against Miranda by yourself.
Chris: I will stay down here and finish planting explosives. You take that elevator, and I'll meet you topside. I promise you, we will get your daughter back. Together.
Ethan: Damn straight we will. And when I find Miranda… she's a dead woman.
Chris: All right, Ethan. Then you take this—and do me a favor… Try to stay under the radar.
Ethan: Can't turn back now.
UNKNOWN: To: Hound Wolf Squad\nThe sweep of the factory is complete.\nNo proof of any connection with the organization. Guess this just wasn't our lucky day.\nI did manage to get my hands on a number of documents disclosing some of Miranda's experiments. Which support our previous theories.\nShe seems to have infected herself with the mutamycete, which has granted her a number of abilities.\nIncluding “mimicry.”\nShe can control her cells and transform herself to look like anyone or anything.\nShe disguised herself as Mia and infiltrated the Winterses’ home.\nHer objective was clearly to kidnap Rose.\nMaybe she thought she could control Rose easier if she looked like her mom.\nWhen we attacked, it put a little damper on her plans. so she mimicked a corpse.\nShe then revived herself in the transport truck, killed everyone onboard, and took off with Rose.\nThings didn't go the way she had originally planned, but in the end. she still got what she wanted.\n…Until now.\nIt’s time to rendezvous and blow this place sky high.\nThis might turn into a fight with Heisenberg, but I think I found something useful. He left one of his little toys laying around and it's even made from a metal/polymer composite, which he can't control. Time to turn the tables.\n— Alpha
Ethan: Metal/polymer composite, huh? Time to fight fire with fire!
Ethan: I'm coming Rose!
Monster Heisenberg: You're like a goddamn cockroach! You think you can take me on?
Monster Heisenberg: Fine, this will be my warm-up before I kill that bitch. Let's settle this, mano a mano. Your corpse will be another addition to my army! This is the best! That one hurt! I promise! Haha! So this is the power of fatherly love, huh? Like that cannon huh? Impressed. Cower in the face of my steel glory! Guess I do have to thank that bitch Miranda for this. I'll kill her with the power she gave me. That's what I call being a good son, haha! Do you know how I felt spending years under the bitch's thumb? The villagers are nothing but a bunch of worthless peons! I’m goddamn freedom fighter! I'll use your cute little daughter to become more powerful than ever! The clock is ticking Ethan! Play time's over! Quit acting so full of yourself! I’m tired of your shit!
Monster Heisenberg: No, no! My metal army! I'm going to murder that boulder-punching asshole, but you're first. Now die like the world's watching you! Too bad I'm your only fan! Here we go Ethan, the final stretch! Well what do you think? It's hopeless, right? Just give up. Flesh and blood will never win against me! This isn't David and Goliath. It's Ethan and a bloody demise, haha! Come on!
Monster Heisenberg: So long, Ethan Winters! You really should have taken my deal. You'll meet Rose in the afterlife! Rose's power is mine! Right after I murder Miranda! Your funeral!
Monster Heisenberg: No, no! This can't be the end for me! I… must… kill her!
Chris: Ethan!? I heard explosions. What the hell happened?
Ethan: I dealt with Heisenberg. Now I'm going to find Miranda and get Rose back.
Chris: Not without me. It's too dangerous. Wait there, you hear me? Ethan?
Ethan: Rose?
Chris: Ethan? Ethan, respond!
Ethan: Mia… but!?
Mia: Our child… she's so important, isn't she?
Ethan: She's everything to me.
Mia: And mine to me. With Heisenberg gone, you've lost your lead. What are you going to do?
Ethan: I don't know, but I'm saving Rose.
Mia?: You never know, do you? Even when I took Mia's place in your home. Poor Ethan.
Ethan: Who are you? Where's Rose!?
Ethan: Miranda!
Miranda: Enough. Remember Eveline and her power over the mold? Rose is her successor. No… Rose is Eveline's true, complete form.She will grow to fully control the masses. And I must have her.
Ethan: Fuck you, you crazy bitch!
Miranda: Calm yourself. Rose will be saved. The Megamycete catalogs all of us. However, she will be reborn as my daughter.
Ethan: She's my child! Not yours! Where are you? Show yourself!
Miranda: Why did Rose come to be? Was it because of her parents? And you are truly a special case. But I've learned all I can from you. Your worth as a lab rat has run out.
Ethan: Miranda, you coward! Come out and face me!
Miranda: Don't worry, Ethan. Your death will come quick. You will join the Megamycete's records.
Miranda: I will make sure to sample your blood for later. Once dawn breaks the ceremony will be complete, and I will become her true mother. Bound for eternity in blood.
Miranda: I've waited so long. But dreams really can come true. Vessel or not, I can't wait to see my true child again.
Soldier: Captain, I've confirmed the death of Ethan Winters. I wasn't able to retrieve the body, but I've recorded evidence.
Chris: Share your screen and I'll go over the situation. My team and I were careless. Yesterday we took down the transformed Miranda But we didn't kill her.
Soldier: Who knew she could take being a corpse?
Chris: Since Miranda could've infected Ethan, I forcefully took him and Rose with us. But the vehicle they were riding in was attacked. When I got to the wreck, Ethan and Rose were gone. The last time I was able to contact Ethan… I heard Miranda's voice. She murdered him. And she is not gonna get away with it. Goddammit, when does it end?
Soldier: What's that, sir? The mission?
Chris: All of it. Three years, trying to put this thing in the ground. Three years too long.
Soldier: We'll get her, Captain. The squad's ready for you.
Chris: So BSAA got here already. They didn't waste any time.
Soldier: Mission adjustment?
Chris: No. It doesn't change anything. Terminate Miranda, and rescue Rose. That's the mission, and failure is not an option.
Soldier 2: Let's have some fun, people! Like old times!
Chris: Let's move out!
Soldier: Roger!
Soldier 2: Yes, sir!
Soldier 3: OK!
Soldier 4: You got it!
Chris: Canine, I want to know what the hell BSAA is doing here. Find out what you can.
Canine: Roger that. I'm on it.
Soldier: Been a while since we fought together, Captain. When was it last, the desert?
Woman Soldier: Doin' nothin' but recon's gotten me outta shape.
Chris: But thanks to your recon, we know Miranda's plan.
Soldier: Couldn't quite believe it when I heard, she'd turned herself into Mia, though.
Soldier 2: Taking five shots to the head's nothing to sneeze at either. Spooky…
Soldier 3: Hey Alpha, look at this.
Chris: BSAA…they've gone too far.
Chris: Christ.
Soldier 3: It looks pretty rough down there. How are you planning on reaching the objective?
Chris: First we're going to have to take that thing out.
Soldier 3: I've got your back, Boss. Let's get to work.
Chris: Everyone watch for hostile bioweapons.
Soldier: Roger.
Chris: Made contact with a group of hostile bioweapons.
Soldier 2: There're more than we thought. Watch out. Western route is clear. Moving out.
Chris: Roger that.
Soldier 2: BSAA craft spotted. Two guards… heh, I can take 'em.
Chris: Don't get cocky.
Soldier 2: What the hell is that thing? It's all… mutamycete…
Chris: That's probably where Miranda is. Let's go. Large, mutated bioweapon sighted.
Soldier 2: The mold might be releasing infectious particulates. Keep your masks on. Didn't expect to see the BSAA going so hard.
Woman Soldier: They had eyes on Miranda, too. Probably felt they needed to intervene.
Soldier: Hey Boss. It’s me. I'm at the location preparing for support fire. Might be a minute.
Chris: Roger.
Woman Soldier: Tundra here. Leaving some supplies in one of the houses, Captain, Help yourself.
Chris: Umber Eyes, I need some backup.
Umber Eyes: I see you. Two hundred to the point.
Soldier: I've never heard of a mutamycete colony growing so huge.
Umber Eyes: Hey I got eyes on you, Boss. Keep going.
Soldier 2: My mom saw this shit, she'd think she'd died and gone to hell…
Chris: I've reached the target location. Damn this is big. All right Lobo, marking the target!
Lobo: Roger that, Boss.
Lobo: Bingo, alright! Reloading now, just a minute. There's a swarm headed that way.
Lobo: OK, Captain. I'm reloaded. Read when you are. Mold is rapidly expanding. There must be something stimulating it.
Lobo: Another hit! Hah, looks like it's about to collapse. Hold your horses. I'm reloading. It's them. Watch your perimeter, Chris.
Umber Eyes: BSAA guys are engaging the bioweapons. You're right, Captain, they must be after the Megamycete too.
Lobo: How many are there? Everyone OK?
Umber Eyes: They're coming from the mold. There's no end to them…
Tundra: …Gimme a break!
Lobo: Is the target locator working?
Canine: Dammit, these things are using weapons!
Umber Eyes: Heh, sure they're thinking the same about you. Bioweapon numbers are increasing. We need to finish them off quick. Five more from the mountains. East side.
Tundra: I'm nearby. I'll handle 'em.
Lobo: Boom! Haha, take that!
Chris: Good, The Megamycete must be below. I found a way down. I'm going in. The rest of you stay back.
Lobo: Captain, I've compared the mold at the village with a sample from the Bakers' and… there's no sign of the genome editing we saw in the E-series. The stuff originated here…
Chris: Guarding the Megamycete, huh?
Chris: Dammit, I'm getting nowhere. Lobo, I got a tough guy here! I'm gonna need backup!
Lobo: Boss, you're underground!
Chris: There's an opening in the roof. Use it!
Lobo: OK, I'm moving out. Hold on 'til I get there!
Lobo: I'm overhead, Boss.
Chris: Good! I'll signal with the locator!
Lobo: Give a guy a break…
Chris: Nice! Thought so!
Lobo: Reloading now, just a minute. OK, Captain. I'm reloaded. Ready when you are. Hold your horses, I'm reloading. I'm reloaded. Where should I point next?
Chris: Hostile bioweapon eliminated.
Chris: I'll keep going. The rest of you, stay above ground.
Canine: So if Miranda was the fake Mia, where's the real one?
Lobo: I doubt she saw any further use for her. I don't get any of this. How did Miranda even know Rose exists? A moldy, dittle bird told her, maybe?
Chris: We can figure that out later. Focus on the plan.
Chris: I found it. It's the Megamycete. Alpha to squad. I've located the Megamycete.
Canine: So now we can end this mess after all…
Chris: And about damn time.
Chris: N2 explosive's armed. There's enough there to blow the whole village sky-high
Ember Eyes: Let's get out of here and blow the damn place.
Chris: Not before I end Miranda. I'm not taking any more chances. I'm going in.
Ember Eyes: Roger that, standing by. Captain, I have eyes on Miranda at the ceremony site.
Chris: Keep your distance. Do not move until I give the order.
Ember Eyes: I know it's too late now but we really should have told Ethan the plan.
Chris: There wasn't time and we didn't expect Miranda to act so soon.
Ember Eyes: Even so, you should have told him.
Chris: Yeah.
Chris: This must be Miranda's lab.
UNKNOWN: Subject Name: Salvatore Moreau\nCadou Affinity: Low\nBrain Functions: Surprisingly low.\nThe Cadou has caused drastic changes to internal organs, transforming them into organs similar to fish-like gills and a swim bladder. Another subject with irregular cell division causing him to transform into a giant fish. The subject is unable to control this transformation. Too many defects. An unfit vessel for Eva.\nSubject Name: Alcina Dimitrescu\nCadou Affinity: Most favorable\nBrain Functions: Normal\nRegeneration rate is incredibly fast. The subject can heal any external wound within seconds, and grow her nails into claws in mere moments. Rapid regeneration also means an increased body size.\nNote: Due to a hereditary blood disease the subject must ingest human flesh and blood on a regular basis to maintain regeneration properties.\nI suspect that if the subject's regeneration is not properly balanced then she may mutate uncontrollably.\nAn unfit vessel for Eva.\nSubject Name: Karl Heisenberg\nCadou Affinity: Incredibly favorable\nBrain Functions: Normal\nHas electric organs similar to the electric ray, Narke japonica. These electric organs are connected to the subject's nervous system.\nCan therefore pass and control electricity throughout the entire body, allowing control of magnetic fields which is used to move metal.\nSplendid specimen, but still an unfit vessel for Eva.\nSubject Name: Donna Beneviento\nCadou Affinity: Favorable\nBrain Functions: Normal, although severe mental illness\nPhysically she is no different from a regular human, however, she can secrete a signal producing substance which controls plants infected by the mutamycete.\nWhen humans absorb the pollen from a particular flower she can cause them to have hallucinations.\nHowever, she is mentally underdeveloped\nand has divided her Cadou among her dolls in order to control them from a distance.\nAn unfit vesel for Eva.
Chris: So they're using this to control the bioweapons.
UNKNOWN: Dear Miranda,\nMy deepest apologies for not meeting you in person.\nI would love nothing more than to visit your quaint village once more, however, I am incredibly busy.\nThen again, I suppose for an immortal woman such as yourself, you no longer remember this poor half-dead medical student in the snow.\nI have always cherished the revelations I came to 15 years ago when I stayed in your village.\nI was inspired by your research. To think, one could transform a human by infecting them with an organism. Positively visionary.\nI knew that with that knowledge I could achieve my own vision for the next step in human evolution.\nEven after two world wars, and humanity on the cusp of another, my conviction never wavered.\nI realized, however through the many nights of intellectual talks you and I shared, that your conviction differed from mine.\nYou hoped to bring back a single dead person.\nWhile I aimed to change the world.\nYour experiments on the mold would not have aided me in my endeavor to achieve an exponential infection. I thought a virus would be more effective.\nThis is why, my dear, I had to leave you.\nI still regret never telling you goodbye.\nMy apologies for reminiscing. I actually have news that I thought might please you.\nI have found the key to evolution!\nThe “progenitor,” a virus found in Africa.\nI plan to start a company with friends and colleagues, dedicated to the virus' research. I will call it Umbrella.\nJust like the symbol in the cave that we spoke about.\nI am one step closer to making my vision a reality. I hope you will be able to achieve your goal someday, too.\nYou taught me so much and for that I will be forever in your debt.\nSincerely, your life-long student,\nOzwell E. Spencer
Chris: Spencer… here? No way…
UNKNOWN: My Eva…\nIt's been one hundred years since I lost you to the Spanish flu. I was so powerless back then.\nBut now… Now I can bring you back to life from the Megamycete.\nI had to test your new vessel's regenerative abilities.\nI took her apart and revived her in the Megamycete regulator, the Giant's Chalice.\nAll that is left is to merge her with the Megamycete.\nThe ceremony can finally begin!\nAfter I lost you I was so stricken with grief that I wandered into a cave to die… I so wanted to be with you again. And that's when I found it.\nThe Megamycete! Completely by accident!\nWhen I touched the black substance my mind was overcome with knowledge.\nThe Megamycete breaks down and absorbs the consciousness of those who have perished.\nI knew that if your consciousness was in there too then there would be a way to bring you back.\nI just needed the right vessel…\nWhen I returned to the village I implanted\nthe villagers with mold from the Megamycete.\nThat way I could control them, experiment on them.\nI have experimented on hundreds of people just to find you the perfect vessel.\nI even tried to increase the efficiency of finding a vessel by creating a parasite I called Cadou…\nYet none of my experiments came to fruition.\nThere were some, like Alcina, who were close to being perfect, but most turned into lycans.\nI was once approached by an organization who said they would assist me. I gave them some of the mold and your DNA.\nBut all they created was another defect, Eveline.\nThen again, not a complete failure. I learned of Rose thanks to them and I knew she would be the perfect vessel.\nThere was some interference, but I was able to verify her suitability. Now my research is finally complete.\nEva… I have waited too long to see you again. 
Chris: Show me your hands! Umber Eyes, this is Alpha. Where is Miranda right now?
Ember Eyes: Still at the ceremony site. Whatever she's doing, she's staying put.
Chris: Goddamn. It really is you. I'm glad you're safe, Mia. Why are you here?
Mia: I was caught…and used in experiments…
Ember Eyes: Wait, did you say Mia? Mia Winters?
Chris: In the flesh. What's the situation up there?
Ember Eyes: Kind of a war going on. Nothing we can't handle.
Chris: Don't get distracted. Stick to the mission. I'm headed to the ceremony site.
Mia: Wait! You can't leave me here! You promised, dammit! You said you'd keep us safe! We did everything you asked. We moved over here, everything! And I didn't care, so long as we were together. So you tell me, where is my husband? Where is my daughter!?
Chris: Ethan is… He's gone. I couldn't save him. But I can save Rose.
Chris: Come on, it's not safe here after all.
Mia: What do you mean, he's gone?
Chris: He's dead. I'm sorry, Mia, but we have to leave. We have to destroy this village.
Mia: No! You're wrong… I tried to keep this a secret, but… You don't understand how special he is.
Ethan: What's going on…?
Ethan: Is someone… there? It's…cold… H-H-How d-did I get here? God… it's freezing… Shit… my body…
Girl: You're so dumb.
Ethan: Eveline? How are you here!?
Eveline: You're dead.
Ethan: Dead? I mean, Miranda, she—No, I still have to save Rose.
Eveline: Wrong. It wasn't Miranda, you were always dead.
Ethan: What are you saying? I can still…
Eveline: See? Miranda didn't kill you. You mean you didn't think it was weird. No matter how much you got hurt? Remember?
Eveline: Three years ago, the Baker house. You were murdered by Jack. You died there, three years ago.
Ethan: Th-That's impossible… No way…
Eveline: You shouldn't even be able to walk around.
Ethan: Quit messing with my head!
Eveline:You. Shouldn't. Be. Walking.
Ethan: Screw you! Then what am I? I…I did all that…
Ethan: Rose… Mia… I…
Eveline: Now do you get it? Your whole body is nothing but mold! You can't ever see your family again.
Ethan: Family? F-Family? No! Rose! I have to… save… my daughter!
Eveline: You're already dead… dead! 
Ethan: I… will… save… Rose!
Duke: At last, he awakes!
Ethan: Where am I?
Duke: My carriage, Ethan. You were having a nightmare.
Ethan: Duke?
Duke: Your battle with Heisenberg was a sight to see, but to think Miranda would show herself…
Ethan: How long have I been out?
Duke: Not long 'till dawn.
Ethan: Duke, I need a favor. Take me to Miranda.
Duke: I assumed as much and am already on the way. We should arrive shortly.
Ethan: Thank you.
Duke: But, Ethan, are you sure of this? Your body is, well, falling apart.
Ethan: Yes.
Duke: Foolish of me to ask.
Ethan: Speaking of foolish questions, who-what are you?
Duke: Even I can't quite answer that! We're here.
Ethan: I owe you one.
Duke: Mister Winters, I'm afraid you can't return to your old world any longer… Are you ready?
Ethan: Yeah. I have to be.
Ethan: Ugh… I gotta go!
Duke: Duke's Emporium has everything you need for your decisive battle. Oho, the assemblage of life and machine! I can feel Lord Heisenberg's essence through it. Amat victoria curam. Please, be well.
Ethan: Thanks.
Ethan: I gotta keep… going…
Miranda: Ah, little Eva! My beautiful daughter! Come to me.
Miranda: Eva, is that you? Oh how I've missed you. —What?
Miranda: My power is leaving me!
Ethan: Rose! Miranda!
Miranda: Interesting, your body certainly isn't normal.
Ethan: Give Rose to me! Now!
Miranda: You will see. Once I kill you properly, every—
Chris: Get her! Now!
Ethan: Let go!
Miranda: I've spent a lifetime creating this moment… …and you try to take it away from me? I will take what is due. My desires will be fulfilled! 
Ethan: No!
Miranda: Rose is mine!
Ethan: What the fuck!?
Witch Miranda: You've fulfilled your purpose, Mr. Winters. You disposed of my false children and awakened the glorious Megamycete. Now, please do not worry for little Rose. I assure you I'll provide her with true happiness. So now you can die peacefully… and permanently.
Ethan: I’m not letting you get away…
Witch Miranda: You understand the love of a parent to her child, don't you? How can you deny me?
Ethan: Why the hell can't you realize Rose is my goddamn kid, not yours?
Witch Miranda: Your time is up! Now die! I shall put you to rest! The Megamycete saved me from the pits of despair! It granted me this splendid power!
Ethan: Yeah, right. All it's done is drive you nuts.
Witch Miranda: After all, everyone dies eventually. O great Megamycete, hear my prayer! None shall interfere in my grand designs! If I combine Rose with the Megamycete, my daughter will be made manifest at last! I've waited a century! A century! All for this day! For my daughter! Die… Why do you interfere? Surely you have no need of Rose now, so close to death?
Ethan: She's my goddamn daughter, you psycho!
Witch Miranda: Here I come! Such vitality… how disgusting. Will this kill you? Die! This is the end. Cease this foolishness! The villagers, these four new children… They could do nothing to assuage my years of loneliness!
Ethan: Ever think the problem might be you, Miranda? You're not capable of real love!
Witch Miranda: This is how you end, Ethan Winters! To ensure I never see your face again, I will feed you to the Megamycete. Every single cell of your being.
Witch Miranda: My daughter… My Eva!
Ethan: Rose! Shhh-Shhh. It-it's all right, Rose. It's all right.
Chris: Ethan! Ethan! Come on, Ethan. Come on, Ethan, wake up!
Chris: Oh no.
Ethan: Chris…
Chris: Ethan, you did it! It's finished.
Ethan: I think we finished each other…
Chris: Ethan, we've gotta move.
Chris: Keep moving, Ethan! There's a bomb in that thing that'll blow this whole village sky-high! Look at me! When I hit this trigger, we can't be anywhere near it! Dammit, Mia's waiting for you! She's alive, you hear me? Alive!
Ethan: Mia…? I'm so sorry… I love you… Keep Rose safe.
Chris: Hey, hey! Hey… You tell her yourself. Now come on, it's not that much further!
Ethan: Watch over her. Teach her to be strong…
Chris: Goddammit.
Ethan: Goodbye, Rosemary.
Chris: Ethan…
Mia: Rose!
Chris: Go. Go! Take us up, now!
Mia: Wait! Where's Ethan!?
Chris: Get moving. We have to get clear.
Mia: No. We can't go! Not without my husband!
Chris: Mia, sit down and strap in.
Mia: Not before you tell me where Ethan is. I know he wouldn't abandon us! Tell me what's going on! Where—
Mia: What was that?
Chris: I told you to sit down.
Mia: No… Where is he? Chris? What have you done—?
Chris: He’s gone! I tried! He stayed so we could all escape. I'm sorry…
Pilot: Captain, you need to see this. BSAA didn't send soldiers… This is a bioweapon.
Chris: What the hell were they thinking?
Pilot: Orders, Captain?
Chris: Pick up the rest of the squad. Plot a course for BSAA Europe HQ. Someone's gotta pay.
Mia: "Gifts we gave, but more you took," she snarled. "So more, in turn, is due." In a blink the girl was trapped inside a mirror. Her parents, though, had searched all day and, at last, arrived. With rampant rage, Father fought the Witch while Mother's loving touch shattered the dark enchantment. But the Witch was strong and Father yelled, "Save our daughter!" So Mother bore their child to safety as the forest was consumed. Even now, the burnt forest is a grim reminder of Father's sacrifice. To this day, any child who stares too long into the charred wasteland will be haunted by nightmares of getting lost while picking berries.
Mom: Do you think the boy will be able to touch the moon?
Daughter: Nobody can touch the moon. It's too far away.
Mom: Wait, what if he has a rocket ship?
Daughter: OK, then you could touch it. But it would be very, very cold.
Mom: You were being silly. I don't think the moon feels like a killer whale.
Daughter: I think it does, but—
Girl: Hey Dad. Happy birthday.
Girl: Sorry I missed last week. I have a lot of tests coming up. You know how it is.
Girl: Talk of the goddamn devil. Duty calls. I love you.
Man in Black: Yeah, I found her… Where else? Today of all days. We have a situation. You're needed… Eveline.
Girl: Don't you ever call me that again.
Man in Black: Whoa, whoa. It's just a joke, Rose.
Girl: I can show you things even Chris doesn't know I can do.
Man: We have a clear shot.
Man in Black: Stand down. I can handle it. She's just a kid.
Rose: Way to keep it together, Rose.
Man in Black: You're a lot like him, you know?
Rose: I know.