Caller: Look man, I'm serious, OK? I saw this with my own eyes.
Anchor: Oh, I believe you, buddy, I believe you. Just tell us a story, tell us a story.
Caller: OK, well, it was last Friday night - I was walking home from the bar... This woman started coming towards me... She was a staggering, you know… So I, I figured she was drunk.
Anchor: Whoa, whoa, whoa, OK. Tell us, be honest now, how many drinks did you have?
Caller: No man, I, I barely had a buzz on.
Anchor: Oh, c'mon!
Caller: No, just listen, alright? She got closer, I got a good look at her. You had to see her eyes, her nose... Her whole face… looks like it was rotting!
Anchor: Ew…
Caller: She looks like a corpse - like a walking corpse, man!
Trucker: Heh. Sounds like my wife.
Caller: I've never seen anything like it… I haven't been able to sleep since of that night.
Anchor: Alright, calm down, buddy, calm down. Just… Hey. You gotta stay strong, OK? Don't give in to fear out of there, right?
Caller: Yeah, well you go to that right. If you freeze up around these things... they'll sink their teeth into you. I saw it attack somebody - 
Trucker: Come on… Just gettin' good. I need some sleep.
Trucker: Oh, shit!
Trucker: No...! No...no...no… What do I do…? What am I gonna do...!?
Leon: No one's around...? That's weird…
Leon: ...Huh?
Leon: Hello? Anybody there!? Something's not right…
Leon: You all right!? Don't move... I'll be back for you.
Leon: Hey! What're you doing!?
Officer: Stop moving!
Leon: Officer, you need help?
Officer: Stay back, sir, I got this.
Leon: Get off him, right now!
Officer: Help me...
Leon: What the fuck...!? Freeze...! I'll shoot!
Leon: What the—!?
Claire: Don't shoot!
Leon: Get down!
Leon: You alright?
Claire: Yeah, I think so... Thanks.
Leon: You can thank me later, when we're safe.
Claire: Holy shit…
Leon: Come on! Get in! Hold on!
Claire: What the hell is going on?
Leon: I don’t know… Hopefully, they'll have some answers at the police station.
Claire: Wait, you're a cop?
Leon: Yeah, Leon Kennedy. You are...?
Claire: Claire—Claire Redfield.
Leon: Live around here?
Claire: No, looking for my brother. He’s a cop, too.
Leon: Well, it's a good thing we found each other. I don't know what to expect anymore…
Loudspeaker: Attention all citizens. Due to the citywide outbreak, you are advised to take shelter at the Raccoon City police station. Free food and medical supplies will be provided to everyone in need.
Claire: Oh my god, this is so unreal...
Leon: The police station's not much farther. They’ll know something.
Claire: Yeah, but... what if we're the only ones? What if there's no survivors—
Leon: No. There's survivors. It's a big city… there has to be.
Leon: Looks like we're walking from here.
Claire: More like running.
Leon: Yeah, good call.
Leon: Jesus Christ!
Claire: Leon! We gotta back up! What the—!?
Leon: Holy shit! Claire, get out! Get out NOW!
Claire: I can't!
Leon: Hold on!
Leon: Oh, no...
Leon: CLAIRE! CLAIRE, YOU OK!?
Claire: YEAH! I’M ALRIGHT! HOW ABOUT YOU!?
Leon: I CAN’T STAY HERE! IT’S NOT SAFE! I'LL MEET YOU AT THE STATION!
Claire: I’LL BE THERE!
Leon: This is outta control! Shit... It's everybody...! They've all turned… There it is...the station.
Leon: Hello...? Is anybody here?
Leon: There has to be someone here…
Leon: Not good.
Cop: David! Marvin! You there!? I found a way out! It’s in here! Send reinforcements! East Hallway!
Leon: OK… I gotta find that guy. Jesus…
Voice: OPEN UP! HURRY! OPEN UP! OPEN THIS GODDAMN DOOR!
Leon: I'll get you out!
Cop: HELP ME! PLEASE! HELP ME!
Leon: Gimme your hand! I got you. Gimme your other hand!
Leon: Hang in there!
Leon: Oh my god… Jesus Christ…
Leon: Jesus! They're everywhere! Come on! Goddammit! Watch out!
Cop: Got it! You're safe… for now.
Leon: Thanks...
Cop: Marvin Branagh.
Leon: Leon Kennedy…  There was another officer… I-I couldn‘t... I couldn't… 
Marvin: I'm sure you did what you could, Leon.
Leon: Does anyone know what started this?
Marvin: Not a clue. But honestly, all you need to know is that this place will eat you alive if you aren't careful.
Leon: Yeah... well, I was supposed to start last week and I got a call to stay away. I wish I'd come here sooner.
Marvin: You're here now, Leon. That's all that matters.
Leon: OK, Lieutenant, I'm ready.
Marvin: Hopefully, you'll be able to find a way out of this station. That officer you met earlier—Elliot. He thought this secret passageway might do the trick.
Leon: This is good news. We can get you to a hospital.
Marvin: No, no, I am not the priority here.
Leon: Lieutenant, I'm not just gonna leave you here—
Marvin: I'm giving you an order, rookie. You save yourself first. I'd come with you, but I'd just slow you down… Now… you'll need this.
Leon: I can’t take—
Marvin: Stop. And don't make my mistake. If you see one of those things—uniform or not—you do not hesitate. You take it out… or you run. Got it!?
Leon: Yes, sir.
Leon: This is not how I imagined my first day...
Police Radio: This is 73-Bird—for rescue. —heading east—River. Touchdown at R.P.D.—minutes.
Leon: What...? Oh... Oh, what the fuck!? Huh? What!?
UNKNOWN: September 25th\nWe're turning the station into a temporary shelter due to the massive sudden outbreak. All police personnel have been instructed to make the safety of the citizens their top priority as we try to accommodate as many of them as possible.\nSeptember 25th \nOne of the refugees attacked us in the middle of the night, resulting in the death of 1 officer and injuring 3 others. The person in question quickly restrained. We believe this was simply a case of someone snapping under intense stress.\nSeptember 26th\nA mob attacked the station today, resulting in a number of casualties. A few survivors were make it safely behind the emergency shutters, but surrounded as we are, it'll be hard for any of us to escape this place. We're not sure we can fix any of our comm equipment so we remain off from the outside world.\nSeptember 27th\nThere was another clash on the west side of the station around 1pm. Twelve people died, and there is only a handful of survivors left. Everything is falling into disarray in here.\nDavid Ford
UNKNOWN: It appears that the keypad to the lockers terminal is missing a few keys. I suggest that the person responsible for this mess find some spare keys and fix this RIGHT NOW.
UNKNOWN: Handgun Ammo\nGunpowder x2\nShotgun Shells Gunpowder+ High-Grade Gunpowder (Yellow)\nMAG Ammo High-Grade Gunpowder (Yellow) x2\nThere's not a lot of ammo left around the station, so make good use of any gunpowder you find.\nDifferent guns require different ammo, so pay attention when you're combining things or you won't get what you need.
UNKNOWN: Leon S. Kennedy, we're putting you on a very special case for your first assignment.\nYour mission is… to unlock your desk! The key to your success is in the initials of our first names. Input the letters in order of our desks. There are 2 locks-1 on each side of your desk. Make sure you get them both.\nBasically, your first task is to remember your fellow officers' names, but you figured that much out, right?\nGood luck, Leon.\nBy the way, it might take a little work to get Scott to give you a straight answer.\nLieutenant Branagh\nBe glad you are not here, rookie.
UNKNOWN: September 28, 2:30 am\nIt's down to just me and 3 others. No weapons… no ammo… and too many skirmishes have drained us mentally and physically. We're not gonna make it... Officer Phillips once suggested we escape through the sewers. Apparently, there's a secret tunnel under this place left over from its museum days.\nI brushed her idea off before, but now, it's not sounding all that bad. Yeah, there's no proof there's even a tunnel or that the sewers aren't infested with zombies, but I don't wanna sit here and wait to die, either. It's a long shot, but I'm gonna try to find out what I can about that tunnel.\nElliot Edward
UNKNOWN: Humans have used herbs to treat sickness and disease since the dawn of time. In this book, we will explore three such herbs native to the Arklay Mountains.\nGreen herbs have the ability to heal basic injuries, while blue herbs have long been used to treat poisoning.\nAs for red herbs, while they are visually appealing, they offer no medicinal benefits. Or so it was thought until recently.\nIt's well-known that combining herbs together produces blends that heighten the herbs' effects, but it has been discovered that red herbs can play a big role when mixed properly.\nAccording to one doctor of Asian medicine mixing blue and red herbs together produces a blend that will strengthen one's constitution.\nTruly, we have only just begun to realize the full potential of these herbs and their ability to heal the human body. Further research is sure to yield even more fascinating results.
UNKNOWN: Press a button to light up its corresponding lamp. Light them all to open the safe.\nThe buttons must be pressed in a certain order. Pressing a single button out of order will cause all of the lights to go out and you will need to start the sequence over again.
Leon: What in the—!?
UNKNOWN: [To any survivors]\nConsider this a gift for anyone still unfortunate enough to be alive.\nKeep your eyes peeled for those creepy fucks that look like they were skinned alive- "lickers," we call 'em. They're blind as bats, but their hearing more than makes up for that.\nSo long as you don't run around like a total idiot, guns a-blazing, you should be able to slip right by them… probably.\nEither way, make like my grandma and creep around as slow as possible around 'em, yeah?\nAnyway, not that I wanna go, but duty calls. That, and I've got a friend to avenge.\nDavid
UNKNOWN: Damn those corporate assholes! They cut me off! After all I've done for them! But if that's how it's gonna be, so be it. I'm gonna have a little fun of my own as the world goes to shit.\nI boarded all those filthy pigs up in a steel pen, and set some C4. All I gotta do is detonate it and it's "sayonara suckers!"\nBut it's no fun if it's over too soon, so maybe I'll give that one raving loon something to really squeal about.\nYeah, maybe I'll give him a little toy and tell him, “Kill the guy next to you and I'll spare the others.” I wonder what he'll do.\nYou yell about “justice” and “pride” but how many times did you go against me, your own superior?\nYeah, you're such a good cop... So good you had to die.\nMan is this fun. I need some music for this.
Marvin: Leon, it’s Marvin. I need you back here ASAP.
Leon: Are you OK, Marvin?
Marvin: I've got something to show you. It's important.
Leon: Copy that, I'll be right there.
UNKNOWN: Welcome to Raccoon City!\nDid you know: While we are the home of pharmaceutical giant Umbrella Corporation, Raccoon city is a vibrant and dynamic city with a long, rich history of its own. In this guide, we'll introduce you to just a few of the more unusual points of interest our city has to offer.\nRaccoon City Police Station\nThe building in the center of town wasn't always a police station-in fact, it used to be an art museum. Various features like the unusual clock tower and the goddess statue in the main hall remind of bygone era.\nOrphanage\nJust a few blocks from the police station is an orphanage founded and run by the Umbrella Corporation with the help of generous donations from businesses and citizens alike. The building is known for its stained glass window, which attracts visitors from around the world.
Marvin:  There you are… Come here, take a look.
Leon: Yes! I knew she'd make it.
Marvin: You know her?
Leon: Yeah, name's Claire. I came into town with her.
Marvin: You can get to that courtyard through the second floor… east side.
Leon: I’m on it. Thanks, Lieutenant.
Marvin: So Elliot was right…
Leon: Yeah, but the passage isn't open yet.
UNKNOWN: The ruby that captivated Edward the Black Prince, the pearl that the queen of the Nile milked dry, the diamond that lead a queen to the guillotine there is no end to the number of tales related to the appeal of jewels.\nThis mysterious red stone is simply the latest to sparkle among them.\nLike those other jewels, this one's origin is unknown. It's said that it once adorned a noblewoman's jeweled box and was even dedicated to a wise king.\nThis fall, this stone that's long been shrouded in legend will be on display during auction. There are sure to be many eager enthusiasts there.\nBut, dear reader, one would do well to approach with care, for devilry lies in beauty's shadow. This jewel has turned caring nobles who love their subjects into despots more terrible than Caligula, and we have the tales prove it. Seriously, it's precisely because these jewels are bathed in blood that their luster stirs something in the hearts of people everywhere.
Claire: HEY! LEON!?
Leon: CLAIRE! HOLD ON! I'LL BE RIGHT THERE!
Claire: OK!
Leon: Claire… It is so nice to see you.
Claire: How’re you doing? That helicopter just came out of nowhere...
Leon: Yeah… I'm in one piece.
Claire: I'm guessing you don't have a key in one of those fancy pockets?
Leon: Unfortunately, no… But, how are you doing?
Claire: You know, just surviving.
Leon: That’s good. Any luck with your brother?
Claire: No, not yet.
Leon: Claire, don't lose hope… I'm sure we're gonna find him—
Leon: Dammit. You know what that means...
Claire: Yeah… Dinner time.
Leon: Claire, I think you should go.
Claire: Don't worry about me, Leon. You take care of yourself.
Leon: Claire, you need to go—NOW!
Claire: Hey... Let's get through this. Both of us.
Leon: Uh, Marvin. I've got a situation here… I'm surrounded by zombies! Marvin! Do you copy? Marvin!? Dammit!
Leon: Still alive...
Leon: What in God's name...?
UNKNOWN: Sept. 22, 1998\nOffice Supply Internal Relocation Notice\nHeat-resistant 3-number combination safe Moved from S.T.A.R.S. Office (2F) to West Office (1F)\nThe combo is Left 9, Right 15, Left 7.\nPlease change the combo ASAP upon receipt.\nR.P.D. Facility Maintenance Dept.
Leon: So it goes underground... Huh. That's it—that's our way out. Lieutenant Branagh! Marvin! It's time to go! Hey, Marvin… We need to get you to a hospital right now.
Marvin: No, no… I… Save yourself...
Leon: Come on, I've got you—
Marvin: GO!
Leon: Look, we can still make it out of here together, if you just gimme—
Marvin:  It's too late. I tried, Leon… But I couldn't stop it. We can't let this thing spread. It's on you now. Just go...
Leon: I understand.
Leon: I won't let you down, Marvin.
Leon: What the—!?
Leon: Oh my god! Jesus. Words won't work on this thing…
Leon: Somebody's watching me...
Leon: Damn. Need a key card…
Leon: You gotta be kidding me… Agh! Get off of me!
Woman: Hey.
Leon: Who is that?
Woman: Stay sharp.
Woman: Lower it. FBI.
Leon: Sorry... Thank you— For your help.
Woman: Surprised you made it this far.
Leon: FBI, huh? What's going on here?
Woman: Sorry. That information's classified.
Leon: Where are you going?
Woman: Do yourself a favor: stop asking questions and get the hell out of here.
Leon: Hey! I'm not done talking to you!
Man: Hello?
Leon: Hey.
Man: I don't believe it. A real human. Hello, human.
Leon: You been here long?
Man: Long enough. Are we the last ones alive?
Leon: No, no, there's a few of us...
Man: Oh… that's good news, I guess. Unless, of course, Irons sent you.
Leon: Irons...? You mean Chief Irons? Is he still around?
Man: Who cares. Hopefully, he's somebody's dinner by now.
Leon: What do you mean by that?
Man: He's the bastard that locked me in here.
Leon: I'm sure he had a good reason.
Man: He did. I was about to blow the whistle on his dirty ass. I'd have done the same thing too, I guess. Hey! I'll make you a deal… Unlock this cell and I'll give you this. There's no other way outta that parking garage! Believe me!
Leon: Sorry… I can't do that. I have to talk to the chief first.
Man: Look, we're both prisoners in this station. So either we play nice and help each other out— Shit. It's coming.
Leon: What—what's coming?
Man: C'mon—c'mon, don't be an asshole… OK? You need this! Just get me the fuck outta here!
Leon: Oh, my god…  Who is that!?
Woman: It's just me, so you can put that thing away.
Leon: I don't even know what happened— It’s just… happened so quick.
Woman: I told you to get out of here. You wouldn't want to end up like Ben, would you?
Leon: You knew him?
Woman: He was an informant. Had information of use to my investigation.
Leon: So what he said was true? Hey, you can't keep walking away from me! I don't even know your name! I'm Leon Kennedy.
Woman: Find a way out, Leon. Before it's too late. Then we’ll talk. Name's Ada.
Leon:  Well, I guess the deal‘s on.
UNKNOWN: The power panel is out. Can the person in charge of it please take care of it ASAP!?\nI assume everyone knows, but since the jail's power panel is old as hell, we're gonna need those custom power panel parts no one makes anymore. There should be a few in the generator room.\nAddendum: I got word that there's only one of those power panel parts in the generator room. The guy that's here to fix the bell in the clock tower should have another, so someone swipe - mean, ask him nicely for it, please.
Leon:  Ugh... What in the world...?
UNKNOWN: Item to be Disposed:\nKey to Patrol Car 7439\nDetails: Bent key, no longer usable, but can still open the car's doors and trunk with its keyless entry buttons.
UNKNOWN: Howdy boys and girls! It's your pal from the Raccoon City Zoo! It's always great to see you!\nToday, I want to talk about something really important to me. You know my popular Mr. Raccoon toys? Well, I heard some bad kids have been using them for target practice, but that makes me really sad…\nGood little kids wouldn't be that mean, right? Plus it's super super dangerous, so just don't do.\nAnyway, see you at the zoo!\nMr. Raccoon out!\n[Autopsy Record No. 53477]\nName of Deceased: Justin Hanson\nMale, Caucasian, 39 years old\nObservations: Found dead in jail cell bed by staff. Hands are still clenched tight due to rigor mortis which should be coming to an end. It's highly likely that he died just after lights out.\nDeceased was a known kleptomaniac, incarcerated multiple times. Incredibly, he Would steal even while in jail, though that was consistent with his clinical diagnosis.
Leon: Marvin... Aw, no… Dammit.
Leon: I'll stop this, lieutenant... I promise.
UNKNOWN: Date: August 14, 1998\nLocation: R.P.D. 2F Waiting Room\nReason for Confiscation: A suspicious man was found at the location listed above. When confronted by an officer, he tried to escape by acting confused, but was arrested. A note he had on him was confiscated.\nRemarks: It's not like everyone doesn't know who it is but it's Justin Hanson: age 39, city resident, single, and a regular fixture in our jail. He wasn't a bad guy per se, just a bit of a birdbrain kleptomaniac.\nCan't believe he tried to pull a fast one in a police station, of all places, though…
UNKNOWN: Location: Police station west side clock tower\nDue to the high cultural value of the bell, I'm calling a specialist in to make the repairs. Will go over the details once they're on the scene, but in the meantime, I'll take steps to secure the bell since the yoke is threatening to break.
Leon: Hope I don't have to write a report on this…
UNKNOWN: The station's swarming with monsters. Even here I can hear their cries. But it's not the zombies I'm afraid of.\nCodename: Tyrant.\nThe ultimate bioweapon, developed by those bastards in the utmost secrecy. To think that that thing might be wandering around here…\nChances are they've ordered it to wipe out the witnesses.
Leon: Huh?
Ben: But that doesn't explain the rumors about the orphanage. I-I just find it way too coincidental Umbrella's one of the benefactors.
Woman: You told me this interview was about the new scholarship Umbrella set up.
Ben: Come on, Annette. Nobody cares about that. They want to know about the G-Virus, and the—
Annette: Where did you hear about this?
Ben: —and that big fucking sinkhole in the city which, by the way, rumor has it goes straight to your underground lab.
Leon: Lab?
Ben: Now, are you going to talk to me or are you—
Annette: This interview is over.
Ben: Bitch.
Leon: Hmm... What are they after?
Leon: That's not good.
Leon: Gimme a break.
Leon: Ada!?
Ada: This is getting old… Saving your ass—that's twice.
Leon: I didn't realize you were keeping score.
Ada: Look, this isn't a game!
Leon: You gotta be kidding me.
Ada: Nothing dies down here.
Ada: I take it you have the key card?
Leon: Yeah, and this…  I was hoping you could explain what's on it.
Ada: Maybe... After I hear it. Let's get out of here. We might want to open the shutter.
Leon: ls that the intel you needed?
Ada: Unfortunately, no. Ben didn't come through.
Leon: Well, what exactly are you looking for?
Ada: More info on the people responsible for this mess. What about you? Trying to save the world?
Leon: I told Lieutenant Branagh I'd bring help.
Ada: Good luck getting that… Road's out. Going through that gun shop looks like the only way.
Ada: What a mess...
Kendo: Don't move!
Leon: I'm not going to hurt you—
Kendo: I said DON'T MOVE!
Leon: I’m just passing through. I'm going to ask you to lower that weapon.
Kendo: Like hell you are! You're going to turn around, and go right back out the way you came in.
Leon: I think your daughter needs help, sir.
Kendo: Don't tell me how to deal with my daughter.
Ada:  Drop it!
Kendo:  No! Wait!
Ada: Step aside. We need to terminate her before she turns.
Kendo: “Terminate”? That's my fucking daughter!
Leon:  Ada… Just let them be.
Kendo: Emma, sweetheart, I told you to stay put...
Emma: Daddy...?
Kendo: Yeah, Emmie. Daddy's here. I’m here, OK? Those fuckin' things outside… Look what they did to us. You're a cop. You're supposed to know something—how did this happen!? HUH!? She was our sweet little angel...
Emma: Mommy...?
Kendo: Mommy's sleeping, honey, OK? ...Emma.
Kendo: Just go… Just give us some privacy.
Leon: You know, it's one thing to keep the truth from me! But why him?
Leon: I want to find out what's happening here. And stop whoever's behind it. Helping people like them… that's why I joined the force.
Ada: My mission is to take down Umbrella's entire operation. We may not make it out.
Leon: Whatever it takes to save this city… count me in.
Ada: Heard of the Umbrella Corporation? They're a pharmaceutical company secretly making bioweapons. They have a virus—it turns people into indestructible monsters.
Leon: That explains the horrible things I've seen...
Ada: And that's why I'm looking for Annette Birkin— She's the one at Umbrella responsible for unleashing the virus. I'm going to bring her down.
Ada: This is how we get to Annette.
Leon: Based on what you've said, the sewer seems fitting.
Ada: Well said. After you...
Leon: Gee, thanks. Can't imagine a real scientist being down here...
Ada: According to HQ… this leads right into Umbrella's secret facility.
Leon: Come on. Sewers are run by the city. How could they have a facility… without the authorities knowing?
Ada: Welcome to corporate America. Umbrella's controlled Raccoon City for years.
Leon: Jesus... That an earthquake?
Ada: I sure as hell hope so.
Leon: What the hell...!?
Ada: Stay sharp! God only knows what's down here…
Leon: Again!?
Ada: It's not too late to turn back, Leon.
Leon: No chance. You're stuck with me to the end.
Leon: You sure this is the right way?
Ada: Unfortunately.
Leon: Wait there.
Leon: Jesus Christ!
Ada: Leon! Get out of there!
Leon: Holy shit!!!
Leon: Chew on that… you overgrown son of a bitch.
Ada: Leon, up here!
Leon: What the hell was—?
Ada: Just get up here! Can't say I didn't warn you...
Leon: You said the virus turned people into monsters, not reptiles.
Ada: Fair point. I'm just impressed you made it in one piece.
Leon: So let me get this straight: Umbrella sells monsters like that to who? Our military? Somebody else's?
Ada: They don't sell the monsters, they sell the viruses that make them. And Annette is who makes the viruses. Scary as that alligator was... Annette is far more dangerous.
Woman: Definitely William's handiwork...
Leon: Identify yourself!
Ada: Annette Birkin.
Leon: She's who we're looking for?
Annette: Not much time… Need to dispose of it...
Ada: We're here for the G-Virus!
Annette: That's not going to happen.
Ada: I'm warning you, doctor!
Annette: Oh yeah?
Leon: Hey!
Ada: STOP!
Leon: Ada!
Annette: You'll never get the G-Virus!
Ada: Didn't expect that from a scientist. Leon...
Leon: Forget about me... Just go… Stop her before she gets away…
Ada:  I'm right outside the facility, in pursuit of Annette.
Ada:  If it's not on her, it must be in the NEST.
Ada:  Once it's in hand, I'll call for extraction.
Ada: You can run, Annette, but you can't hide.
Ada: It's secret weapon time. Candy from a baby.
UNKNOWN: I already put in a request last week, but absolutely must have a replacement we ID wristband ASAP. We need one to gain access to certain areas of the main facility. In other words, me and my crew can't get to the places we need to in order to do our job right now, so I don't want to hear anyone accusing us of slacking off.
Ada: Got you now. Always been good at running, Annette. I'll give you that.
Ada: Persistent bastard, aren't you?
UNKNOWN: With the new wristband that's just arrived, we finally begin our survey of the demolition can area. As to the report from the other day about the incinerator, it's nothing really-probably just large piece of leftover trash. I'll go take a look myself after I wrap up this report.
Ada: Bravo. Gonna burn me alive now? You'll never get your filthy hands on G. I'm not the only one after it. You realize that.
Annette: Then you won't die alone.
Ada: That bitch knows what she's doing…
System: Visitor clearance confirmed. Your ID is authorized until [OCTOBER] [FIRST] Please return before this date.
Ada: Not gonna happen…
Ada: Enough with this cat and mouse game.
Annette: The game is over. You lost.
Ada: Tell me: Is your husband still alive? Or did you kill him, so you could take credit for G?
Annette: Interesting theory...
Ada: If you don't cooperate, I'll get a sample from the NEST.
Annette: Over my dead body.
Ada: Oh, shit…
Ada: Where's Leon when I need him...? Dammit.
Leon: Ada!? Where are you!?
Leon: That's a pleasant smell… Argh... Shit!
Leon: What the hell...!?
Leon: A cable car… interesting. Where’d she go?
UNKNOWN: Director Owens,\nThere are alarms going off all over NEST. I don't know what's going on, but I can hear gunfire and I can't reach my section chief. We're trapped. Please send help ASAP.\nDirector Owens,\nThe situation here is dire. NEST has been contaminated with the virus. It's unbelievable. The failsafe system didn't activate at all. Is this the work of outsiders? I can't imagine who else it could be. But why? Mayer and Kim are dead. I can't stop coughing. Why won't you answer me!?\nDirector Owens,\nYou… It was you all a
Leon: I don’t like the sound of that… Come on…
Leon: I'm coming, Ada.
UNKNOWN: Greeting from the CEO\nThank you for your interest in Knights Construction Company. Over the past 20 years, we have had the honor to work on the sewer systems of some of our country's losing sight of greatest cities, while never our two core principles of "playfulness" and "superior industrial design."\nAt KCC, we believe that just because our work is subterranean doesn't mean our designs have to be sub-par.\nMore refined than a queen, more polished than a knight, and as pleasant as a pawn, our work is sure to bring great victory to everyone involved!\nMay we all meet on the field someday.\nKnights Construction Company CEO\nWorld Chess Alliance Honorary Member\nRaccoon Chess Club Honorary Advisor\nFischer Chess Lovers Guild Honorary Director\nR.B.Fischer
A. Kirkpatrick: Please... Oh...please...stop... St—Stop! Don't… don't… no… no… no!
Soldier 2: OVER HERE, YOU FREAK!
A. Kirkpatrick: Don't hurt him... Don't hurt him...!
Leon: The virus… I'll bet those rats spread it.
UNKNOWN: I lost the thing that tells you how to unlock the door to the U-Area during that last mad dash of a transfer. I know you have to stick a plug into each terminal, but if anyone one remembers which plug goes where, please be a pal and share by posting the info on this board.
UNKNOWN: “Pretty sure the rook and knight are on the same wall and the bishop and queen aren't next to each other. The queen and rook were opposite each other, too.”
UNKNOWN: The item below has been delivered to the location specified in your order.\nHeat-resistant Safe x1\nThe combination is written on the side of the safe in chalk. Please remember to erase use it before you use the safe.
Leon: What the hell was that!? Oh my god… this is getting worse!
UNKNOWN: To my bestest S.T.A.R.S. buds,\nHow are you all doing in that drab, old station? Hanging in there against old Irons? Me? I just got back from a date with a hot we got up chick. Bet you can guess what to under her extra-large umbrella.\nEurope is amazing. One month in no way enough to even scratch the surface. Maybe I'll extend my vacation for another six months.\nBarry, don't even think of coming to join me. Wouldn't want to make all the cute girls cry yeah? So you just leave the babes to me.\nJill, if Claire tries to contact you, please let her know I'm OK.\nChris Redfield, August 29
Leon: OK… almost there, Ada. Dammit! Need the power on first…
Leon: Jesus Christ! It‘s still alive!? Now I got you! Let's do this!
Leon: Let's hope that's the last of him.
Leon:  Come on. ADA!? ADA, WHERE ARE YOU!?
Ada: OVER HERE!
Leon: Ada… I was getting worried there for a sec...
Ada: I can't get it out.
Leon: I don't know if I should, uh...
Ada: Just do it. I can't walk like this.
Leon: OK... It's gonna hurt.
Leon: Hold on…
Ada: I can do it myself.
Leon: Just...relax, OK? So... what do we do now?
Ada: Get yourself out of here. While you still can.
Leon: I'm not just going to leave you. Not like this.
Ada: You don't understand. The situation's worse than I thought.
Leon: You're not getting rid of me that easy… You protected me. Now it's my turn.
Ada: Didn't realize we were keeping score...
Leon: Grab my shoulder.
Ada: Don't push it, rookie.
Leon: Just trying to help. Watch your step.
Ada: We have to get to the NEST.
Leon: NEST?
Ada: Umbrella's lab. Right beneath us. That's where the virus samples are. You up for this?
Leon: Think I can fit it in my schedule.
Ada: Come on, we got work to do.
Leon: Yes, ma'am.
Ada: The cable car'll take us down to NEST. This wristband's our ticket to ride.
Leon: Nice. Where'd you get that?
Ada: Borrowed it. Anyway, we're almost there. Urgh… this damn leg...
Leon: Let me carry you—
Ada: That'd only make me feel worse. How‘s the shoulder?
Leon: Worse than it looks.
Ada: What a pair. Both got one foot in the grave.
Ada: That should take us where we need to go. This may be a one-way ride. So be prepared, Leon.
System: This tram is bound for NEST. Do not exit until the final destination.
Leon: You know what I was thinking? I can't wait for the FBI to raid Umbrella headquarters and take those bastards to justice.
Ada: I agree… but to be clear, you're not working in official capacity. This is a federal case. Once we get the G-Virus, I'm back on my own. Hey, Leon... Trust me?
Leon: You trust me?
Ada: Honestly… If I didn’t you’d probably be dead.
Leon: Right...
Ada: Look, I thought I might need your help… and l was right. If you can secure the G-Virus, I can make sure what happened in Raccoon City never happens again.
Leon: Ada… You said it yourself—it's a federal case.
Ada: Leon, look at me. I'm a liability now. If I'm gonna finish this case, you're the last hope I've got.
Leon: I'm not just gonna leave you here. What if you're attacked, what if you need help—
Ada: I'll be fine. Don't worry about me. I gotta see this through… and I want to see you again. I got plenty to live for. Trust me.
System: Now arriving at NEST.
Ada: Go. Please. We don't have much time. You're gonna need this.
Leon: OK.
Ada: Leon… I'm counting on you.
Leon: I know.
System: For your safety, stand clear until the doors are fully open. Welcome to NEST. Enjoy your visit.
Leon: OK... I wonder where the G-Virus is?
UNKNOWN: This research facility uses the latest security technology in order to ensure employee safety and efficient business practices.\nIn order to enter and exit the facility, and to operate certain equipment, employees must use an ID Wristband.\nThere are three levels of access:\n1. Visitor\n2. General Staff\n3. Senior Staff\nAuthentication is granted based on an electronic chip inside the wristband. wristband access level can be changed by simply inserting a different electronic chip.\nVisitor wristbands can be given to family members of employees. Please enquire at reception for further details.
UNKNOWN: 18545 Toby Jackson\nEntered: 03:44 Left: 07:31\n18546 Sara Takahashi\nEntered: 04:51 Left: 07:08\n18547 Walt Paige\nEntered:12:03 Left: 13:36\n18548 Anthony White\nEntered: 12 5 Left: 12:48\n18549 Cyril Archer\nEntered: 18:01 Left: 20:21\n18550 Desmond Lock\nEntered: 18:04 Left: 19:58\n18551 Wayne Li\nEntered: 20:16 Left: --:--\nSystem: Authorized staff only beyond this point. Guests must refrain from entering.
System: Our menu is designed for your nutritional needs using our latest biological research. Please enjoy our tasty selection of healthy foods.
System: Dr. Li, your presence is urgently requested by Chief Cartwright in the East Area.
UNKNOWN: -Alpha to Ghost. Target moving to the West Area. Must be going to retrieve the G-Virus and antiviral agent.\n-This is Ghost. Understood. Rendezvous at Point W-3.\n-Roger.\n-This is Alpha. Arrived at destination.\n-Understood. Stand by for target.\n-This is Alpha, I've got eyes on the target. He's going to open the safe.\n-Roger. Awaiting the signal.\n-Got eyes on the G-Virus.\n-We're going in...\n-Doctor Birkin, you'll come along with us quietly.
Leon: G-Virus is in the West Area... Got it.
System: Senior Staff clearance required for bridge access.
Leon: Jesus... What happened here?
System: Senior Staff clearance required for computer access. Dispensing solution now.
UNKNOWN: Plant 43 Herbicide Synthesis\n1. Place an empty cartridge into the Solution Dispenser\n2. Add the required amount of UMB No.21 \n3. Cool immediately\nPlant 43 exhibits astounding growth. If something unfortunate were to occur, it may be hard to control. In the event of an unforeseen incident manufacture the herbicide using the instructions above in order to minimize damage.
UNKNOWN: Everybody's turned… vegefied... They keep coming back, again and again.\nBurn them all.\nBurn them until their whole body is black as ash.\nThere's no other way.
System: Welcome back, Dr. Li. You have  new messages.
UNKNOWN: Sender: Rick Mendoza\nSubject: What's he up to?\nCan you believe that bastard Cartwright? Cool your jets, asshole! Well, I guess he is the boss... For now. Anyway, have you seen my helix anywhere? I put the secret on the bottom. Let me know if you find it!\nSender: Byron Cartwright\nSubject: Busy guy, huh?\nSo you couldn't make our little meeting? Fine, don't worry about the Greenhouse inspection. Instead I'll give you something real simple to do: put together the budget estimate for the year after next. And get it done tonight!\nSender: Rick Mendoza\nSubject: Are you alive?\nWe're under attack. People are dead. The East Area is cut off. We can't operate the bridge with the wristbands we have here. Where is that bastard Cartwright hiding!?\nSender: Rick Mendoza\nSubject: Please Reply!\nPlant 43 is going wild! The Greenhouse is hell! We need to send someone in there before it's too late. Wayne, how do we stop this thing? You have to help us. Please reply!\nSender: Rick Mendoza\nSubject: (None)\nDo you remember Susie, the cheerleader? What a great gal. We were both into her. Of course, she wasn't into nerds... I still have to give you back those comics and games borrowed. But you might have to wait a while.
Leon: Who left the freezer open!?
System: Manual mode engaged. Adjust amount of solution to match cartridge capacity.
System: Cooling sequence progress...
System: Cooling complete. Dispensing solution now.
Leon: That did the trick.
System: Warning: You have dispersed a dangerous solution without authorisation. Your actions have been logged and you may be subject to disciplinary measures.
Leon: Shit. Him again!?
UNKNOWN: Sender: William Birkin\nSubject: [HIGH PRIORITY] Increased Security\nWhen did NEST become a "nest" for spies? Three last month, and another four this month. And those are just the ones we caught. Step up security, Cartwright. Or do you want to end up like your predecessor?\nAlso, I'll be restricting access to the West Area from today. Ignore all requests from headquarters for information on "G." Those suits contribute nothing to this project anyway.\nSender: No-reply (auto-generated mail)\nSubject: [WARNING] Unauthorized Access Detected\nHerbicide dispersal by unauthorized employee detected in the East Area.\n04:51 Wayne Li
Leon: Hopefully the G sample's up here…
Umbrella Soldier 1: Got eyes on the G-Virus.
Hunk: We're going in. Doctor Birkin, you'll come along with us quietly.
William Birkin: You think I didn't know you were coming? This is my life's work! I'm not handing it over anything!
Hunk: We have our orders, Doctor Birkin. I'll ask you one more time…
Hunk: Stop! Hold your fire! What the fuck were you thinking!? Our orders were to bring him in alive!
Hunk: We’re in, sir, but we had a snafu. Target resisted, we had to take him out. That's correct, sir. Roger that. Just the samples then.
Hunk: Let's move!
Leon: So those were G samples?
UNKNOWN: Sender: Jane Doyle\nSubject: Suspending Research on "G"\nThe Umbrella Corporation has decided to cease all research on "G," which was ongoing at the NEST underground laboratory. All funding for this project has been cut, and laboratory director William Birkin has been removed from his post.\nSender: B.E\nSubject: (None)\nThank you for your mail, Dr. Birkin. Top brass has expressed an interest in this "evolving bioweapon" you mentioned. Do not worry about Costs. Our "company" is the most well-funded in the whole of the United States.\nSender: Richard Kessler\nSubject: Congratulations\nI heard the good news. "G" is almost ready thought to report to the Strange you never research lab here at Umbrella HQ… but suppose I can let that slide. Anyway, send over the data, would you?\nAnd don't worry. You've done good work on "G," but we can take care of the rest.\nPlease respond to the investigation committee's summons within 24 hours.
UNKNOWN: Embryo Growth Observations (Subject 449)\nAfter the G embryo was implanted in the subject we made a 50cm incision from the chest to the abdomen and began our observations. With the help of the medical team, the subject's consciousness level was kept between 15 (lucid)~GCS 10. However, the subject's consciousness level deteriorated, and further observation was deemed unnecessary. The subject was then disposed of.\nBreeding Rate Observations (Subject 501)\nThe G-Virus was administered to subject 501. 501 mutated into G form and was introduced to a group of 30 test subjects. After 2 hours 36 minutes, it was observed that all but one of the test subjects had been implanted with an embryo. All subjects (One subject broke down during experimentation were disposed of and took their own life.)\nT-Virus Resistance Experimentation (Subjects 628, 639)\nWe administered the G-Virus to subject 628, who had shown slight resistance to the T-Virus. The virus was then introduced to subject 639 with whom 628 had a close relationship. 628 showed some signs of resistance, but had been implanted with an embryo after 24 minutes. T-Virus resistance does nothing to stop the mental deterioration caused by the G-Virus.
Leon: Huh. That was easy… Alright, now back to Ada.
System: Attention: Unauthorized removal of a [Level 4] virus detected. Facility lockdown initiated. Self-destruct sequence will begin when lockdown is complete.
Leon:  You again.
Annette: Move. He's mine. This has to end.
Leon: What the hell's going on!?
Annette: Sorry, William. You left me no choice.
Leon: You called this thing “William." Why?
Annette: It shouldn't have been like this… It's Umbrella's fault—this whole mess.
Leon: You're Umbrella, too. You're telling me you weren't involved in this?
Annette: Yes… But we never meant for this to happen.
Leon: Then tell me everything—right from the start.
William Birkin: You don't get away that easily…
Annette: Good god, William. What have you done?
Leon: So you made this monster?
Annette: We made the G virus, but we never intended this to—
Leon: You can spin it any way you want. You're still responsible.
Leon: The hell!? Shit!
Leon: What're you doing!?
Annette: We can't let him get away!
Leon: Alright... We end this here!
System: [Class A] breach detected. Lab quarantined until target is neutralized.
System: Target has been neutralized. Ending quarantine.
Leon: Jesus, that looks bad.
Annette: Feels worse, believe me.
Leon: Look, about what you said… I don't know how much I believe it, but I'm willing to—
Annette: Just tell me you'll destroy that G sample.
Leon: No. It's evidence. It's going to the FBI.
Annette: You trust that bitch?
Leon: What's that supposed to mean?
Annette: She's not FBI, she's a mercenary. She’s gonna sell it— The G-Virus is gonna go to the highest bidder.
Leon: That's bullshit.
Annette: I hope you're right… But if the G-Virus… gets into the wrong hands…
System: Attention: Self-destruct sequence initiated. Use the Central Elevator to evacuate immediately to the bottom-level train platform.
Leon: I was just thinking about you.
Ada: That makes two of us. I was getting worried.
Leon: Y'know we make a good team, but I gotta ask you something.
Ada: The way's clear. Please, tell me you got it.
Leon: Oh, I got it.
Ada: Let me verify the G sample and we’ll get the hell out of here.
Leon: Before we do that… I ran into Annette. She claims you're not FBI.
Ada: Oh, Leon…  Why couldn't you just hand over the sample?
Leon: Because I realized, as much as I wanted to trust you…  I didn't.
Ada: I really hoped it wouldn’t end up like this.
Leon: So that's all this was… I was just some pawn to you?
Ada: Look. l am just doing my job.
Leon: And I'm doing mine, so drop that damn gun! I'm taking you in.
Ada: Hand over the sample, Leon. I don't wanna hurt you.
Leon: Then you shoot me, but I don't think you can.
Leon: Ada!
Annette: No one gets that sample now.
Ada: Leon...
Leon: Hold on... I think I can… Agh! Shit!
Ada: Forget it.
Leon: Shut up—I've got you!
Ada: It's not worth it.
Leon: Don't do this...
Ada: Take care of yourself, Leon.
Leon: No!
System: Nine minutes until detonation.
Leon: Who's that? Claire!
Claire: Leon? You’re down here too!?
Leon: Yeah. But the whole place is coming down. Listen to me. You need to get out. Fast!
Claire: Yeah. There's a way out. We can make it! Where are you now?
Leon: Claire!? You still there?
Claire: Leon? Hey Leon, you're breaking up...
Leon: Forget about me! Just get out of here! Dammit!
Leon: Uh... Is this a fucking joke?
System: Eight minutes until detonation. Gotta keep going...!
Leon: Whoa! What the hell...!?
Leon: Oh, shit… Alright, come on!
System: Seven minutes until detonation.
Leon: What is it with that thing!? Uh-oh... Not good! Whoa!
Voice: We'll call it even.
Leon:  Where did this thing come from!?
System: You have arrived at the bottom level.
Leon: Shit! Gotta get outta here!
Leon:  I can't believe I actually miss her…
Claire: Leon!?
Leon: Hey… We made it...
Claire: Just like I said we would.
Caller: Look man, I'm serious, OK? I saw this with my own eyes.
Anchor: Oh, I believe you, buddy, I believe you. Just tell us a story, tell us a story.
Caller: OK, well, it was last Friday night - I was walking home from the bar... This woman started coming towards me... She was a staggering, you know… So I, I figured she was drunk.
Anchor: Whoa, whoa, whoa, OK. Tell us, be honest now, how many drinks did you have?
Caller: No man, I, I barely had a buzz on.
Anchor: Oh, c'mon!
Caller: No, just listen, alright? She got closer, I got a good look at her. You had to see her eyes, her nose... Her whole face… looks like it was rotting!
Anchor: Ew…
Caller: She looks like a corpse - like a walking corpse, man!
Trucker: Heh. Sounds like my wife.
Caller: I've never seen anything like it… I haven't been able to sleep since of that night.
Anchor: Alright, calm down, buddy, calm down. Just… Hey. You gotta stay strong, OK? Don't give in to fear out of there, right?
Caller: Yeah, well you go to that right. If you freeze up around these things... they'll sink their teeth into you. I saw it attack somebody - 
Trucker: Come on… Just gettin' good. I need some sleep.
Trucker: Oh, shit!
Trucker: No...! No...no...no… What do I do…? What am I gonna do...!?
Claire: Yeah, I'm almost there. You know me, I'll be fine. Sounds good. I'll be back as soon as I find Chris. I will, but I gotta go.
Claire: Why does everyone think I'm going to get in trouble?
Claire: What the...?
Claire: Hello...?
Claire: Hello? Anybody here?
Claire: Hello...?
Claire: Are you OK!?
Claire: Wait here. I'll check it out.
Claire: Hey! What the hell!?
Policeman: I said hold still!
Claire: Excuse me, is everything OK?
Policeman: Stay back ma'am, I got this.
Claire: Oh my god! Get off him! I said GET OFF HIM! Don't come any closer!
Claire: It's like… a nightmare.
Claire: Whoa, don't shoot!
Policeman: Get down!
Claire: We gotta get out of here!
Policeman: You alright?
Claire: Yeah... I think so... Thanks.
Policeman: You can thank me later, when we're safe.
Claire: Holy shit…
Policeman: Come on!
Policeman: Get in! Hold on!
Claire: What the hell is going on?
Policeman: I don't know... Hopefully, they'll have some answers at the police station.
Claire: Wait, you're a cop?
Policeman: Yeah, Leon Kennedy. You are...?
Claire: Claire—Claire Redfield.
Leon: Live around here?
Claire: No, looking for my brother. He's a cop, too.
Leon: Well, it's a good thing we found each other. I don't know what to expect anymore...
Loudspeaker: Attention all citizens: Due to the citywide outbreak, you are advised to take shelter at the Raccoon City police station. Free food and medical supplies will be provided to everyone in need.
Claire: Oh my god, this is so unreal…
Leon: The police station's not much farther. They'll know something.
Claire: Yeah, but… what if we're the only ones? What if there's no survivors—
Leon: No. There's survivors. It's a big city… there has to be.
Leon: Looks like we're walking from here.
Claire: More like running.
Leon: Yeah, good call.
Claire: Jesus Christ!
Claire: Leon! We gotta back up!
Claire: What the—!?
Leon: Holy shit! Claire, get out! Get out NOW!
Claire: I can't!
Leon: Hold on!
Claire: Oh, shit...!
Leon: CLAIRE! CLAIRE, YOU OK!?
Claire: YEAH! I'M ALRIGHT! HOW ABOUT YOU!
Leon: I CAN'T STAY HERE! IT'S NOT SAFE!
Claire: Oh, shit... GO ON AHEAD! I'LL MEET YOU AT THE STATION!
Claire: Can't stop... Gotta keep moving. It's like the end of the world..! The police station...! Almost there...
Claire: Anybody here!?
Claire: Come on, Chris, where are you? Shit... They're inside too...
Policeman:  David! Marvin! You there!? I found a way out! It's in here!  Send reinforcements! East Hallway!
Claire: I should help this guy.
Claire: Great… Where are you...?
Claire: Focus, Claire... Focus.
Claire: Ugh, oh my god…
Policeman: OPEN UP! HURRY! OPEN UP! OPEN THIS GODDAMN DOOR!
Claire: I'm here!
Policeman: OPEN THE DOOR! HURRY UP! HURRY UP, OPEN IT!
Claire: Here, give me your hand!
Policeman: Here, here, help me!
Claire: Hold on, give me your—give me your other hand.
Claire: It's OK! I got you!
Claire: Oh… Oh my god...
Policeman:  Tell... Marvin…
Claire: I'm so sorry. Oh, god... Huh?
Claire: Get off! Get off! Help! Help!
Claire: Watch out!
Man: I'm on it.
Man: You alright?
Claire: Yeah.
Man: You're safe… for now.
Policeman: Marvin Branagh.
Claire: Thanks.
Marvin: Obviously someone taught you well.
Claire: Yeah, I know how to take care of myself.
Marvin: Come on.
Claire: So nobody knows what caused this?
Marvin: There's a lot of theories... but all I know for sure is that this place is crawling with zombies.
Claire: Yeah. You're telling me...
Marvin: Hey, hey… keep that on... Just in case.
Claire: I'm not gonna be around long. Once I find Chris, we're outta here.
Marvin: You really Chris's sister?
Claire: Yeah. Why? Did you find something?
Marvin: He's on vacation. Europe, I think... Left weeks ago.
Claire: Vacation? That's… that's great news.
Marvin: Well, I've got more for you... Looks like there might be a way out through this secret passageway...
Claire: Good. Hey... Hey, we should probably get you to a hospital.
Marvin: Oh, no... Forget about me. I can take care of myself.
Claire: No, don't be ridiculous, you're gonna need some help
Marvin: Listen, Claire: Save yourself. So you can see your brother again. Now… you'll probably need this.
Claire: No, I'm not taking that. You're gonna need—
Marvin: Shhh. And be careful. If you see one of those things—no matter who they were—you can't hesitate. Take 'em out if you can, or you run.
Marvin: So Elliot was right...
Claire: Yeah. We're not out of here yet.
Radio: This is 73-Bird—for rescue. —heading east—River. Touchdown at R.P.D.—minutes.
Claire: Wha—? Oh god! Poor guy...
Claire: What!? Who's there!
Claire: What was that!?
Marvin: Claire, it's Marvin. How fast can you get back here?
Claire: Why, what's up?
Marvin: I've got something to show you. It's important.
Claire: Alright. I'm on my way.
Marvin: There you are... Come here.
Claire: What is it?
Marvin: Take a look.
Claire: Oh my god, he made it?
Marvin: You know him?
Claire: Yeah. It's Leon… uh, Kennedy, I think?
Marvin: Ah, the rookie. Thought he looked familiar. You can make it to that courtyard through the second floor, east side.
Claire: OK. Thanks Marvin, I'm on it.
Claire: Who turns a museum into a police station..?
Leon: HEY! CLAIRE!?
Claire: LEON!? I'LL BE RIGHT THERE!
Leon:  Come on...
Claire: Leon! We really gotta stop meeting like this.
Leon: Are you alright? Police chopper... It just came out of nowhere...
Claire: Yeah, I'm fine.
Leon: I take it you don't have the key...
Claire: No, I don't... It's good to see your face, though. How are you holding up?
Leon: I am… hanging in there.
Claire: Helluva night, huh?
Leon: Yeah. You find your brother?
Claire: I did actually, he's—
Claire: Just when you think it can't get any worse... Leon, you should get going.
Leon: Don't worry about me. Just… get yourself to safety.
Claire: No, Leon, seriously, they're getting through the fence! Please, just go!
Claire: We're gonna make it. Both of us.
Claire: Hey, Marvin. This is bad. I've got zombies everywhere! Marvin...? Marvin, are you there!? Marvin!? Oh, god, you gotta be kidding me...!
Claire: What the hell is that...!?
Claire: Looks like it leads underground... Good. We can get out of this hellhole. Hey Marvin! Guess what! Think I found a way out! Marvin, come on. Let's get you out of here. Let's go. Are you OK?
Marvin: No, I… Just go. Save yourself.
Claire: C'mon, it's bad. We've got to get you to a hospital now.
Marvin: PLEASE, Claire... We both know how this is going to end. Get out of the city.
Claire: I can't just leave you here.
Marvin: Claire, please... Go... Do this for me.
Claire: Hey, Marvin... Thank you.
Claire: Hello! HELLO!?
Claire: Won't budge.
Claire: Hello..? Hey... It's OK. I won't hurt you, I promise. Do you need help? Here… you can take my hand.
Girl:  You… need… help...
Claire: I'm sorry, I can't understand you.
Girl: You need help.
Claire: Why…?
Girl: He's right behind you.
Claire: What?
Claire: Oh my god...
Claire: You gotta be kidding me…
Claire: Words ain't gonna cut it with this freak... This thing's gotta go down.
Claire: Oh, crap... Oh... Oh god... Hey! Little girl...!? It's safe now... It's over.
Girl: Are you sure?
Claire: Yeah, I promise. Everything's fine. I just need you to lower that ladder for me.
Girl: Will you help me find my mom?
Claire: ...Your mom is down here?
Girl: I think so. I hope so.
Claire: Yeah… of course. I'll help you.
Girl: This way.
Girl: It won't move...
Girl: You got it!
Claire: So… what's your mom like?
Girl: She works at Umbrella. She's making an important new medicine.
Claire: Umbrella? That big pharmaceutical company?
Girl: My mom's always at work. I don't get to see her much.
Claire: Well, hopefully, you'll get to see her again soon. So... Where's your dad?
Girl: He, um… worked with my mom but... He's gone.
Claire: Wow… Both of my parents are gone—it's just me and my brother.
Girl: Oh… I’m sorry...
Claire: Don't be. It means we've got something in common and... That's a good thing, right?
Claire: Hmm… Come on…
Girl: Over there!
Girl: It's closed...
Claire: Dammit. We need a key card. Come on... Here, come help.
Claire: And you're sure this is the way?
Girl: This is how my mom took me last time.
Man Voice: Sherry!? I've been looking everywhere for you, Sherry... Brave little girl to leave your house in the middle of this mess...
Policeman: On the ground, hands behind your head.
Claire: You can't be serious…
Policeman: On the ground. Now. Sherry, tie her hands.
Sherry: Why're you doing this?
Policeman: Shut up. Tie her.
Sherry: OK, then. You tie her up now, or she dies.
Claire: What's this all about?
Policeman: Child endangerment, for starters.
Policeman: Sherry, come here.
Claire: What are you gonna do to her?
Policeman: None of your fucking business.
Claire: If you hurt her, I swear to god, my brother is S.T.A.R.S. and I will fucki—
Policeman: Sherry, get over here!
Policeman: What's your name? What's your fucking name!?
Claire: Claire!
Policeman: Sherry, you come with me now or say goodbye to Claire!
Sherry: OK, OK! I'll go..! You better be taking me to my mom.
Policeman: Absolutely.
Claire: Don't listen to him! He's full of shit!
Sherry: Stop hurting her! Please!
Policeman: Don't tell me how to do my job.
Sherry: Stop! Let me go! Let me go!
Policeman: Obviously, nobody taught you manners! We'll fix that. Oh yes, we will.
Sherry: Let me go! Let me go!
Claire: I'LL GET YOU, YOU FUCKER!
Claire: Stay safe, Sherry... OK... Key card first, then that asshole gets what's coming to him.
Claire: Must be where that guy came from…
Claire: That… bastard is the police chief!?
UNKNOWN: “Express elevator to Chief's Office. Not for general use.”
Claire: Thank god… the key card.
Claire: Shit!
Claire: Jesus... Stay back!
Claire: This does not sound like Chris...
Claire: That worked.
Claire: Hello...?
Chief Irons: Good to see you again, Claire. We've got unfinished business.
Claire: Where is that?
Chief Irons: In the neighborhood. You'll find it.
Claire: Is Sherry alright?
Chief Irons: ...For now.
Claire: I swear, you bastard, if you hurt her—
Chief Irons: Stupid kid. If you just hadn't dropped that fucking thing, I could let you go...
Chief Irons: Don't worry, Sherry. It'll be all over soon.
Sherry: There has to be a way out of here…
Sherry: What… is this?
Sherry: That must be the door out of here! Darnit, I need the key!
Sherry: Oh no... It's him!
Chief Irons: Where you going, Sherry? I told you to stay put.
Chief Irons: You need to learn to listen.
Sherry: Leave me alone! Just, please...
Chief Irons: Time to teach some manners.
Chief Irons: You little bitch...! You are gonna pay for this...! You little shit!
Chief Irons: You are gonna be so fucking sorry!
Sherry: Go away! Help! Somebody please!
Chief Irons: You stupid bitch… that's a dead end!
Sherry: Gotta hide… gotta hide… gotta hide!
Chief Irons: It's all over now...! Door's locked! Where are you!? Show yourself! I know you're in here! The longer it takes me to find you, the worse it's gonna be!
Sherry: Oh god… oh god...
Chief Irons: Little bitch's gotta be here somewhere...! Urrrgh... Goddammit! Sonofabitch...!
Sherry: No more… no more… please...!
Chief Irons: This is your last fucking chance! Show yourself—NOW! Ahh... FUCK! IT BURNS!
Chief Irons: Where the fuck is my key!? I see you!
Sherry: Hurry… hurry… hurry...!
Sherry: Wha-won't open!?
Chief Irons: Nice try, Sherry!
Chief Irons: I'm coming in Sherry! Get over here, you little bitch!
Chief Irons: The game… is… over!
Sherry: No…!
Chief Irons: Now you're in trouble!
Sherry: Let me go!
Sherry: No… Stop!
Chief Irons: Good to see you again, Claire. We've got unfinished business.
Claire: What're you talking about?
Chief Irons: Don't waste my fucking time! Bring me the pendant or Sherry dies.
Claire: The pendant? What do you need it for?
Chief Irons: Do you want the girl to die?
Claire: Fine. Where are you?
Chief Irons: The orphanage.
Claire: The orphanage...? Where's that?
Chief Irons: In the neighborhood. You'll find it.
Claire: Is Sherry alright?
Chief Irons: ...For now.
Claire: I swear, you bastard, if you hurt her—
Claire: Are you serious!? Dammit! Just you wait, asshole!
Claire: You again!?
Claire: Oh shit...! Looks like it's the other way...
Claire: Looks like the only way forward.
Claire: That's gotta be the Orphanage!
Claire: Hang on, Sherry.
Claire: Hello!? I have the pendant! Sherry! Sherry, are you here!?
Chief Irons: Your fault...!
Claire: What?
Chief Irons: Took too long!
Claire: What happened...? Oh god. Get off me!
Chief Irons: Damn you, William!
Claire: Oh my god! Jesus Christ!
Claire: Sherry!? Where are you!?
Sherry: Claire!
Claire: Sherry! I'll be right there!
Claire: Go, go, go!!!
Sherry: Claire! It's behind you!
Claire: Don't stop!
Sherry: Hurry!
Claire: Keep going!
Claire: Sherry, come on!
Sherry: Daddy...?
Claire: What'd you say? Oh god...
Sherry: DADDY, NO!
Sherry: Claire? Are you alright? Can you hear me? Claire..? Claire, you have to get up. He's going to get us. Wake up! Wake up! Open your eyes... Hold still…
Woman Voice: Wake up! Wake up! Open your eyes... Hold still… Not infected...
Claire: ...Sherry? Where's Sherry!?
Woman Scientist: Sherry... Sherry's fine.
Claire: Do you know Sherry?
Woman Scientist: ...was an impressive display of strength.
Claire: What happened to her?
Woman Scientist: We have to assess the situation.
Claire: Who are you? ...I'm Claire.
Woman Scientist: I didn't foresee this...
Claire: Excuse me, where is she? ...Hello?
Woman Scientist: What...? Oh, Annette. Tell me, what happened to William?
Claire: I don't know. Who's—who's that?
Annette: The creature responsible for this.
Claire: What...? Can you help me find Sherry?
Annette: Seems to be evolving much faster than expected...
Claire: Where are you going?
Annette: Look, I don't have time to play twenty questions. Everything is under control.
Claire: I need to find Sherry—
Annette: My daughter is not your concern.
Claire: Where did Sherry go...? Sherry's… her daughter?
Claire: Sherry..!? Can you hear me!?
Claire: Now I'm gonna smell like shit—literally.
Claire: Cable car... Here...?
Claire: What is this…?
Annette: Sherry... I told you, I cannot leave here until my work is done.
Sherry: That's what you always say.
Claire: Sherry...?
Annette: Why didn't you stay in the house? It was safe there.
Claire: Hey! Sherry!
Sherry: I was scared. Those things were everywhere and—
Annette: You should've called the police! That's what we taught you.
Sherry: I did, but nobody came. And you didn't answer your phone so—
Annette: Sherry, I don't have time for this!
Claire: Oh, no... Sherry! Sherry! I'm coming! Hold on, Sherry...I'll be right there.
Computer: ID wristband required for cable car entry.
Claire: What the fuck!?
Claire: Oh god, no... Marvin...
A. Kirkpatrick: Please... Oh... please... stop... St-Stop!
A. Kirkpatrick: Don't... don't... no... no... no!
Umbrella Soldier: OVER HERE, YOU FREAK!
A. Kirkpatrick: Don't hurt him... Don't hurt him...!
Claire: Glad I watched that...
Claire: OK… this place is… creepy.
Claire: Oh, Jesus... They're everywhere.
Claire: This is not my forte.
Claire: Alright, Sherry...on my way.
Claire: Power must be out...
Claire: Oh, shit! Should've known you wouldn't die!
Claire: The crane might work! Have got a surprise for you...!
Claire: I'm so sorry Sherry... This is taking forever...
Annette: Sherry? Mommy's here... Sherry! Sherry, can you hear me!?
Claire: Oh, no… Sherry?
Annette: Claire...?
Claire: Sherry... Are you alright?
Annette: What are you doing!?
Claire: I'm here to help.
Annette: Sherry's been implanted... She can't be saved.
Claire: Are you fucking kidding me!? You're her mother. Get in here!
Annette: You don't understand. William is still out there, and if I don't stop him—
Claire: This conversation is over!
Annette: Wait! Wait… I… I can treat her… in my lab. It's not far away.
Sherry: Mommy...?
Annette: There's not enough time... Millions of lives are at stake. Sherry... Mommy loves you, sweetie... Goodbye.
Claire: Are you fucking kidding me!? Sherry, don't worry. I will get you whatever you need, OK?
Sherry: Wh-Why are you doing this?
Claire: Because I care.
Sherry: Thank you, Claire.
Claire: Annette said her lab's not far. Wait, that cable car... Hold on, Sherry. You're gonna be fine. Almost there, Sherry. We're almost there... Oh, good. The cable car.
Claire: Oh… Um… Here... OK. Here ya go... Just hold on, Sherry, OK? You're gonna be just fine.
Claire: OK… better check everything. There's no turning back...
Computer: This tram is bound for NEST. Do not exit until the final destination.
Claire: Hey, are you OK?
Cherry: Your jacket's so warm.
Claire: My brother gave it to me. You know it's supposed to be lucky.
Sherry: I don't know what I'd do without you.
Claire: Are you kidding me? You were doing just fine without me until I came along and got you into all sorts of trouble. I have something of yours.
Sherry: I don't want it.
Claire: Really? Why not? It's so pretty.
Sherry: It-It's from my mom... For my birthday, last year. All I really wanted was for her to be home more.
Claire: I know it seems like your mom doesn't care but—
Claire: Hey, Sherry. Come here. Hey… hang in there, OK?
Computer: Now arriving at NEST.
Claire: It's OK. I've got you. Come on.
Claire: I'm getting you treatment. Just hold on, Sherry. It's OK.
Computer: For your safety, stand clear until the doors are fully open. Welcome to NEST. Enjoy your visit.
Claire: OK, umm... Here you go.
Claire: Alright, now what...?
Claire: Huh... There's gotta be something here. ..."Antiviral agent"? That's it! That's gotta be it! Hey… hey Sherry... I gotta go. You stay right here, though. OK? I'll be back soon, I promise.
Computer: Our menu is designed for your nutritional needs using our latest biological research. Please enjoy our tasty selection of healthy foods.
Computer: Dr. Li, your presence is urgently requested by Chief Cartwright in the East Area.
Claire: So… the antiviral-agent's in the West Area.
Computer: Senior Staff clearance required for bridge access.
Claire: Oh, god. That's… terrible.
Computer: Dispensing solution now.
Computer: Manual mode engaged. Adjust amount of solution to match cartridge capacity.
Computer: Welcome back, Dr. Li.
Claire: Damn... Shoulda packed my parka.
Computer: Cooling sequence in progress... Cooling complete.
Computer: Dispensing solution now.
Claire: So much for the weed infestation
Computer: Warning: You have dispersed a dangerous solution without authorization. Your actions have been logged and you may be subject to disciplinary measures.
Claire: I gotta find that antiviral agent soon...
Umbrella Soldier: Got eyes on the G-Virus.
Hunk: We're going in.
Hunk: Doctor Birkin, you'll come along with us quietly.
William Birkin: You think I didn't know you were coming? This is my life's work! I'm not handing over anything!
Hunk: We have our orders, Doctor Birkin. I'll ask you one more time...
Hunk:  Stop! Hold your fire! What the fuck were you thinking!? Our orders were to bring him in alive!  We're in sir, but we had a snafu. Target resisted, we had to take him out. That's correct, sir. Roger that. Just the samples then. Let's move!
Claire: Oh… look at that... Alright...
Claire: Hell yeah! Got it! Thank god… the antiviral agent... Gotta get back to Sherry...
Claire: Your ass again!?
Annette: William! This ends NOW!
Claire: What the hell is this thing!?
Annette: That was my husband.
William Birkin:  G is my creation!
Annette: William!
Annette: I should've killed him while I had the chance... I don't know why... I just… couldn't do it.
Claire: He was your husband.
Annette: Honestly… we were more married to our work than each other.
Claire: But what about Sherry—how could you just leave her all alone? And while Raccoon City burned to hell.
Annette: I couldn't let my daughter grow up in a world with the G-virus in it.
Claire: But that's no excuse to leave her—
Claire: Annette!
Annette: I got this. I'm sorry, William...
Claire: No. I got this. You should take care of Sherry.
Annette: You don't know what you're up against.
Claire: I have a pretty damn good idea...
Annette: Whatever you do, don't stop until it's finished.
Claire: Trust me. This ends now.
Computer: [Class A] breach detected. Lab quarantined until target is neutralized.
Computer: Target has been neutralized. Ending quarantine. Service lift is now operational
Claire: Gotta get back to Sherry...
Claire: Hey!
Sherry: I knew you'd make it. My mom needs help.
Claire: Annette?
Annette: Sh… Sherry... How are you?
Sherry: OK… But you don't look so good.
Sherry: Mommy!?
Annette: Hey, look at the screen. Oh, thank god.
Claire: So, Sherry's gonna be alright?
Annette: She'll be weak for a little while but... Yes, she's free of the G-virus.
Claire: Did you hear that?
Sherry: What happened to her?
Claire: She was attacked by that monster—
Annette: Don't… Don't worry about me. Take my daughter… to safety.
Annette: I'm sorry, Sherry… for everything. Your life is what is important now—
Sherry: We can't just leave her here!
Claire: You're right. We can't.
Computer: Attention: Unauthorized removal of a  virus detected. Facility lockdown initiated. Self-destruct sequence will begin when lockdown is complete.
Claire: What does that mean!?
Annette: It's the… self-destruct code...  In case the G-Virus leaves the building. Please... Save my daughter.
Sherry: No…!
Claire: Sherry… Sherry… we gotta say goodbye to your mom. Come on. Please say goodbye. Please Sherry, listen... She loved you, OK? We really gotta get going... Come on.
Sherry: You were right about this jacket. I'm so lucky to have you.
Claire: Listen, we can talk more about that later. We gotta hurry now. Come on.
Claire: Sherry, can you walk faster?
Sherry: Yeah...
Claire: I don't wanna rush you but, we have to go.
Computer: Attention: Self-destruct sequence initiated. Use the Central Elevator to evacuate immediately to the bottom-level train platform.
Claire: Let's get the hell outta here.
Sherry: Um, Claire...!
Claire: Yeah?
Sherry: Thank you for being so nice to me... For helping me. I'm really glad I met you.
Claire: I'm glad I met you too, Sherry. But save your thanks until I get you out of this place.
Computer: Ten minutes until detonation.
Claire: Sherry, run!
Claire: Of course the stupid thing is locked—
Sherry: Hold on!
Claire: Sherry what're you—!?
Sherry: I think I can open it from the other side!
Claire: Goddammit your timing sucks!
Computer: Nine minutes until detonation.
Sherry: I got it!
Claire: Huh, nice work, Sherry!
Sherry: We make a good team.
Claire: Sherry!? You hangin' in there!?
Sherry: I'm right behind you!
Claire: Attagirl! Think we're almost outta here...!
Sherry: Claire! Maybe we can use that!?
Claire: Worth a try!
Computer: Eight minutes until detonation. Seven minutes until detonation.
Sherry: What are you doing?
Claire: I gotta get this train moving. I need you to stay right here, OK?
Sherry: OK. I promise I won't move.
Claire: Good.
Sherry: Be careful.
Claire: Always.
Claire: OK... Alright, did something... OK... Alright, it's working.
Leon: Claire!
Claire: What!? Leon? You're down here too!?
Leon: Yeah. But the whole place is coming down. Look, you need to get out! Fast!
Claire: I know. I found a way out. I think… I think we can all make it. Where are you now?
Leon: Claire, are you still there?
Claire: Leon!? I'm sorry you're breaking up.
Leon: Don't worry about me! Just get outta here!
Claire: Leon. Leon! Damn!
Claire: Why can't you just die!?
Computer: Six minutes until detonation. Five minutes until detonation. Three minutes until detonation. Two minutes until detonation. One minute until detonation.
Sherry: Claire!
Claire: It's OK, I'm here. We are getting outta here!
Claire: So what's the first thing you wanna do when we get outta here?
Sherry: I want to see where you live.
Claire: Good, cause I...need to take a shower.
Sherry:  Yeah...
Claire: Really? That bad… oh, yeah...
Leon: Claire.
Claire: Leon! It's so good to see you.
Leon: I told you we'd make it didn't I?
Claire: You did.